Shopify Skip to Content Shopify Solutions Start Start your business . Build your brand Create your website . Online store editor Customize your store . Store themes Find business apps . Shopify app store Own your site domain . Domains & hosting Explore free business tools . Tools to run your business Sell Sell your products . Sell online or in person Sell online . Grow your business online Sell across channels . Reach millions of shoppers and boost sales Sell in person . Point of Sale (POS) Sell globally . International sales Sell wholesale & direct . Business-to-business (B2B) Market Market your business . Reach & retain customers Market across social . Social media integrations Nurture customers . Shopify Email Know your audience . Gain customer insights Manage Manage your business . Track sales, orders & analytics Measure your performance . Analytics and Reporting Manage your stock & orders . Inventory & order management Shopify Developers . Build with Shopify's powerful APIs Plus . A commerce solution for growing digital brands All Products . Explore all Shopify products & features Pricing Resources Help and support Help and support . Get 24/7 support How-to guides . Read in-depth business guides Shopify blog . Business strategy tips Popular topics What is Shopify? . How our commerce platform works Founder stories . Learn from successful merchants Branding . Build your brand from scratch Marketing . Build a marketing plan Ecommerce SEO . Improve your search ranking Social media strategy . Turn social into sales Business growth . Scale your business Essential tools Logo maker . Stock photography . Business plan template . Link in bio tool . QR code generator . Enterprise What’s new Changelog . Your source for recent updates Newsroom . All company news and press releases Log in Start free trial Start free trial Be the next big thing Be the next store they line up for big thing Dream big, build fast, and grow far on Shopify. Start free trial Get 3 days free then 3 months for ₹20/month Why we build Shopify The one commerce platform behind it all Sell online and in person. Sell locally and globally. Sell direct and wholesale. Sell on desktop and mobile. glossier.com thesill.com vacation.inc aurabora.com kitandace.com supersmalls.com happymondaycoffee.com onlyny.com jp.bonaventura.shop rowingblazers.com kirrinfinch.com brooklinen.com shop.a-morir.com carawayhome.com thirstyturtl.com For everyone from entrepreneurs to enterprise Millions of merchants of every size have collectively made over $1,000,000,000,000 in sales on Shopify. Get started fast Solo seller Megan Bre Camp started Summer Solace Tallow to sell her organic candles and skincare online and at local farmers markets. Grow as big as you want Athleisure brand Gymshark grew from working out of a garage to the global juggernaut it is today, with $500M+ sales annually. Raise the bar With the help of Shopify for enterprise, Mattel sells their iconic toys direct to customers around the world. Pick a plan that fits Online and in person Sell here, there, and everywhere Get a stunning store that’s made to sell—whether you build from scratch or start fast with pre-built themes. In-person point of sale Sell face to face and keep offline and online sales in sync with Shopify POS . Publish across channels Show up where shoppers scroll, search, and shop with multichannel integration . Powered by the world’s best checkout Shopify Checkout is fast, fully customizable, and optimized to close more sales. Direct and wholesale Find your forever customers Reach the right customers for less Acquire new customers and keep them coming back for more with integrated marketing tools and insightful analytics . Unlock new growth with B2B Create custom experiences for wholesale buyers with flexible pricing, discounts, and payment terms. Local and global Grow around the world Buy now 🇺🇸 Order for $40.00 Buy now 🇺🇸 Order for $125.00 Buy now 🇺🇸 Order for $125.00 Buy now 🇺🇸 Order for $125.00 Buy now 🇺🇸 Order for $125.00 Buy now 🇺🇸 Order for $125.00 Sell and ship everywhere Shopify takes the complexity out of international selling, from delivering products faster and more affordably with Shopify Shipping to localizing your experience with Shopify Markets . Desktop and mobile Take care of business Manage everything in one place From back office to front of store, you’re always in control with the fully centralized Shopify Admin . Run your store from anywhere Do it all right from your pocket with the full-featured Shopify mobile app . Apps for anything else Shopify offers all the essentials out of the box, but if your business calls for something extra you have the Shopify App Store —with 13,000+ commerce apps for whatever specialized features you might need. By developers, for developers APIs, primitives, and tools empower devs and partners to build the apps, themes, and custom storefronts businesses are looking for. Hydrogen: Shopify’s headless commerce framework Create custom storefronts Extend checkout Build apps shopify.dev There’s no better place for you to build The world’s best-converting checkout Higher conversions 15 % High-intent shoppers 150M + Shopify Checkout converts 15% higher on average than other commerce platforms and exposes your brand to 150 million buy-ready shoppers. Based on external study with a Big Three global consulting firm in April, 2023. Rock steady and blazing fast Shopify puts your store within 50 milliseconds of every shopper on the planet, with the capacity to handle even the most epic product drops. Shopify never stops innovating Our fleet of 4000+ world-class developers never stops leveraging the latest tech to make your business stronger, faster, and more successful. AI designed for commerce Shopify Magic taps the power of AI to save you time, whether it’s generating product content or suggesting ways to get the most out of Shopify. Nonstop innovation Every six months, Shopify rolls out 100s of new features and upgrades . It’s easy to start selling 01 Add your first product 02 Customize your store 03 Set up payments Take your shot Shopify logo Shopify About Investors Partners Affiliates Legal Service Status Support Merchant Support Help Center Hire a Partner Shopify Academy Shopify Community Developers Shopify.dev API Documentation Dev Degree Products Shopify Plus Linkpop Shopify for Enterprise Global Impact Sustainability Build Black Solutions Online Store Builder Website Builder Ecommerce Website India | English Australia English Austria Deutsch | English Belgium Nederlands | German | Français | English Brazil Português | English Canada English | Français Colombia Español | English Czech Republic Čeština | English Denmark Dansk | English Finland Suomi | English France Français | English Germany Deutsch | English Hong Kong SAR English India English Indonesia English Ireland English Italy Italiano | English Japan 日本語 Korea 한국어 | English Malaysia English Mexico Español | English Netherlands Nederlands | English New Zealand English Nigeria English Norway Norge | English Philippines English Poland Polski | English Portugal Português | English Singapore English South Africa English Spain Español | English Sweden Svenska | English Switzerland Deutsch | English Taiwan 繁體中文 | English Thailand ไทย | English Turkey Türkçe | English UK English USA English | Español (Intl.) | 简体中文 India | English Choose a region & language Australia English Austria Deutsch | English Belgium Nederlands | German | Français | English Brazil Português | English Canada English | Français Colombia Español | English Czech Republic Čeština | English Denmark Dansk | English Finland Suomi | English France Français | English Germany Deutsch | English Hong Kong SAR English India English Indonesia English Ireland English Italy Italiano | English Japan 日本語 Korea 한국어 | English Malaysia English Mexico Español | English Netherlands Nederlands | English New Zealand English Nigeria English Norway Norge | English Philippines English Poland Polski | English Portugal Português | English Singapore English South Africa English Spain Español | English Sweden Svenska | English Switzerland Deutsch | English Taiwan 繁體中文 | English Thailand ไทย | English Turkey Türkçe | English UK English USA English | Español (Intl.) | 简体中文 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Sitemap Privacy Choices



Shopify Privacy Policy - Shopify Korea Skip to Content Shopify Solutions Start Start your business . Build your brand Create your website . Online store editor Customize your store . Store themes Find business apps . Shopify app store Own your site domain . Domains & hosting Sell Sell your products . Sell online or in person Sell online . Grow your business online Sell across channels . Reach millions of shoppers and boost sales Sell in person . Point of Sale (POS) Sell globally . International sales Sell wholesale & direct . Business-to-business (B2B) Market Market your business . Reach & retain customers Market across social . Social media integrations Chat with customers . Shopify Inbox Nurture customers . Shopify Email Know your audience . Gain customer insights Manage Manage your business . Track sales, orders & analytics Measure your performance . Analytics and Reporting Manage your stock & orders . Inventory & order management Automate your business . Shopify Flow Shopify Developers . Build with Shopify's powerful APIs Plus . A commerce solution for growing digital brands All Products . Explore all Shopify products & features Pricing Resources Help and support Help and support . Get 24/7 support Shopify blog . Business strategy tips Popular topics Founder stories . Learn from successful merchants Branding . Build your brand from scratch Marketing . Build a marketing plan Ecommerce SEO . Improve your search ranking Social media strategy . Turn social into sales Business growth . Scale your business Essential tools Logo maker . Stock photography . Business plan template . Link in bio tool . Log in Start free trial Start free trial Shopify Privacy Policy Everyone Merchants Users of Shopify Apps Customers Shopify partners Shopify visitors Log in Start free trial Updated March 2, 2023 Privacy Policy How Shopify handles your data Table of Contents Introduction Our values Why we process your information Your rights over your information Where we send your information How long do we retain your information Our use of Machine Learning How we protect your information How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies How you can reach us United States Regional Privacy Notice Introduction In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our merchants using Shopify to power your business customers who shop at a Shopify-powered business partners who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business users of Shopify apps and services like Shop or Shop Pay visitors to Shopify’s websites , or anyone contacting Shopify support This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email). Our values Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy. Your information belongs to you We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit. We protect your information from others If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden. We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive. Why we process your information We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include: preventing risk and fraud answering questions or providing other types of support helping merchants find and use apps through our app store providing and improving our products and services providing reporting and analytics testing out features or additional services assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information. We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us. Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data. Your rights over your information We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions. If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our online portal . Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”. If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time. Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a “Do Not Track” signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way. Where we send your information We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders. Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant. Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law. If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our Subprocessors ), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the Standard Contractual Clauses. Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our Guidelines for Legal Requests . How long do we retain your information We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format. Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information. Our use of Machine Learning One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store). How we protect your information Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at /kr/security . How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies We use cookies and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy . How you can reach us If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support , or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our Guidelines for Legal Requests . If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf. If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy. Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd. Attn: Data Protection Officer 77 Robinson Road, #13-00 Robinson 77, Singapore 068896 If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa: Shopify International Ltd. Attn: Data Protection Officer c/o Intertrust Ireland 2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings Haddington Road Dublin 4, D04 XN32 Ireland If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand: Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd. Attn: Data Protection Officer 77 Robinson Road, #13-00 Robinson 77, Singapore 068896 United States Regional Privacy Notice This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on www.shopify.com (together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”). This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”). What information we collect and share about you To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information. We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws. Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify. Categories of personal information collected Recipients of personal information Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number; Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information; Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant); Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites; Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address; Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience; Other information you provide; and Sensitive personal information, which may include: Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account); Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information); Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop). Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors; Advertisers and marketing vendors; Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from; Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores; Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm. Why we collect and share your Personal Information We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law. Sources of Personal Information To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by: You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter. Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use. Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following: Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information. Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns. Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods. Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors. Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy. How long we keep your information Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process. When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained. Your rights over your information Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights: Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices. Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you. To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit https://shop.app/delete-account for instructions on how to request deletion of your information. If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant. Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID. Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information. For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. How you can reach us If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above. Shopify logo Shopify About Careers Investors Press and Media Partners Affiliates Legal Service Status Support Merchant Support Help Center Hire a Partner Shopify Academy Developers Shopify.dev API Documentation Dev Degree Products Shop Shopify Plus Linkpop Shopify for Enterprise Solutions Online Store Builder Website Builder 대한민국 | English Australia English Austria Deutsch | English Belgium Nederlands | German | Français | English Brazil Português | English Canada English | Français Colombia Español | English Denmark Dansk | English France Français | English Germany Deutsch | English Hong Kong SAR English India English Indonesia English Ireland English Italy Italiano | English Japan 日本語 | English Korea 한국어 | English Malaysia English Mexico Español | English Netherlands Nederlands | English New Zealand English Nigeria English Norway English Philippines English Singapore English South Africa English Spain Español | English Sweden Svenska | English Switzerland Deutsch | English Taiwan 繁體中文 | English Turkey Türkçe | English UK English USA English | Español (Intl.) | 简体中文 대한민국 | English Choose a region & language Australia English Austria Deutsch | English Belgium Nederlands | German | Français | English Brazil Português | English Canada English | Français Colombia Español | English Denmark Dansk | English France Français | English Germany Deutsch | English Hong Kong SAR English India English Indonesia English Ireland English Italy Italiano | English Japan 日本語 | English Korea 한국어 | English Malaysia English Mexico Español | English Netherlands Nederlands | English New Zealand English Nigeria English Norway English Philippines English Singapore English South Africa English Spain Español | English Sweden Svenska | English Switzerland Deutsch | English Taiwan 繁體中文 | English Turkey Türkçe | English UK English USA English | Español (Intl.) | 简体中文 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Sitemap







X JavaScript is not available. We’ve detected that JavaScript is disabled in this browser. Please enable JavaScript or switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center. Help Center Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp. Don’t miss what’s happening People on X are the first to know. Log in Sign up

Shopify Help Center Themen Ressourcen Deutsch Einloggen Kostenlosen Test starten Themen Ressourcen Deutsch Einloggen Kostenlosen Test starten Starten Einführung in Shopify Folge unseren Schritt-für-Schritt-Anleitungen und richte dein Geschäft auf Shopify ein. Zu Shopify migrieren Bestehende Bestellungen abwickeln, verwalten und ausführen und neue Bestellungen erstellen. Shopify-Adminbereich Erfahre mehr über deinen Shopify-Adminbereich, die Shopify Mobile-App und Shopify Home. Dein Konto Informiere dich über dein Shopify-Konto und wie du den Zugriff, die Rechnungen und die Finanzierung deiner Mitarbeiter verwaltest. Verkaufen B2B Verkaufe B2B-Produkte direkt an andere Unternehmen, indem du Unternehmensprofile und benutzerdefinierte Kataloge nutzt. Onlineshop Verkaufe online über deinen eigenen Shopify-Shop. Point of Sale Verwende die Shopify POS-App, um in allen Einzelhandelsbereichen an deine Kunden zu verkaufen. Vertriebskanäle Verwende Online-Vertriebskanäle mit Shopify, um deine Produkte zu verkaufen. Shopify-Checkout Passe das Checkout-Erlebnis für deine Online-Kunden an. Verwalten Produkte Füge Produkte hinzu, erstelle Kollektionen und verwalte dein Inventar. Zahlungen Verwalte, wie deine Kunden für deine Produkte bezahlen, und richte Shopify Payments ein. Kunden Füge Kundenprofile zu deinem Shop hinzu und verwalte Kundensegmente. Bestellverwaltung und Fulfillment Verwalte deine Bestellungen, führe sie aus und versende sie. Datenschutz und Sicherheit Mehr Informationen über Datenschutz und Sicherheit bei Shopify. Einhaltung von Vorschriften Stelle sicher, dass dein Shop die Shopify-Richtlinien einhält. Markt Marketing und Werbeaktionen Erstelle Marketing-Kampagnen und -Automatisierungen oder richte Werbeaktionen ein, um deine Umsätze anzukurbeln Rabatte Erstelle Rabattcodes und lege automatische Rabatte fest, um Produkte zu bewerben. Analyse-Tools Zeige Daten und Berichte an, um Einblicke in deine Geschäfte zu erhalten. Tools für internationalen Verkauf Verkaufe mit internationalen Märkten von überall aus überall hin. Du hast die gesuchten Antworten nicht gefunden? Wir helfen dir gerne weiter. Support kontaktieren Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen Datenschutzerklärung

Shopify Academy Back Learn Platform learn Partners learn Developers learn Browse all learn Badges Bulk Purchasing bulk purchasing Resources Help Resume 0 in progress View All Menu Platform platform Partners learn Developers partners Badges Resources Help Sign In Searching... Plans Paths Courses Lessons Reset 👋 Welcome back Essential education for the world of Shopify Popular searches Storefronts Retail Headless Liquid What's new Collection Navigating the Shopify Admin Path Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout Path Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally Path Positioning the value of Shopify Checkout Path Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers Grow your expertise with Shopify Academy Using the Shopify platform Learn how to use the platform and unify your commerce strategy Leveling up as a Partner Learn how to transform your business as a Shopify Partner Developing on Shopify Learn how to extend and customize Shopify's capabilities Browse all courses and learning paths Earn badges and stand out from the competition Shopify Verified Skills badges prove your learning of specific topics covered in Academy courses and learning paths Earn badges within our Fundamentals, Retail, or Storefront series. Discover Earn Verified Skills Badges Prove your abilities in specific topics covered in Shopify Academy Fundamentals Series Earn badges for learning the fundamentals for success on the Shopify platform Retail Series Earn badges for learning how to launch with Shopify POS Storefront Series Earn badges for learning how to create exceptional user experiences How to get started 1 Login with Shopify Start learning today with your Shopify account 2 Discover courses and paths Focus on learning topics curated for your specific needs 3 Earn badges Test your knowledge and earn badges Learn more "Having a Shopify Academy badge really proves to our clients that we have knowledge about the platform, and it provides a lot of trust and credibility." Left Designs Shopify Partner “The availability of a trained and certified talent pool does heavily influence our purchasing decisions!” Imran Saadi Sr. Director of Product & Engineering at Warner Bros. Entertainment Featured courses and learning paths Back to Catalog View Results Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers Path Learn how to use Liquid, Shopify's templating language, to optimize Shopify themes and deliver exceptional user experiences. FREE 3 Courses Learning Path credentialed Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally Path Learn to guide your business through the key steps of an international expansion. FREE 7 Courses Internationalization Learning Path Shopify POS Launch and Operations Path Learn about Shopify POS launch and operations to effectively set up and manage hardware, train staff, execute operations, and optimize growth for seamless business operations. FREE 5 Courses Learning Path Retail Platform credentialed Conversion Rate Optimization with Shopify Learn how to effectively maximize your Shopify store's potential from applying CRO best practices to personalizing customer experiences. $299 4 Courses Learning Path Education and reference resources The resources listed below cover some of the topics within this exam FREE separator Marketing Fundamentals Learn how to optimize your use of Shopify’s marketing products and products to expand your customer base, increase sales, and grow your business. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Marketing Fundamentals badge. $149 5 Courses Exam Verified Skills Platform credentialed style-general-assessments Solution-Based Selling with Shopify POS Learn ways to partner with Shopify as well as how to understand product positioning for Shopify POS. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Solution-Based Selling with Shopify POS badge. $149 5 Courses Partners Exam Retail Verified Skills Selling Shopify credentialed Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products Learn how to effectively communicate the value of Shopify's marketing products. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products badge. $149 3 Courses Partners Exam Verified Skills Consulting credentialed style-general-assessments Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants Learn about Shopify’s custom storefront solutions and learn best practices to guide clients through all phases of headless implementation. Once you’ve completed this learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants badge. $149 3 Courses Partners Exam Online Storefront Verified Skills credentialed Positioning the value of Shopify Checkout Learn how to pitch and position Shopify Checkout and checkout extension features to prospective and existing merchants. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Positioning the Value of Shopify Checkout badge. $149 4 Courses Partners Exam Verified Skills Selling Shopify credentialed style-general-assessments Headless at Shopify for Developers Understand Shopify’s custom storefront solutions and learn best practices to guide clients through all phases of headless implementation. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Headless at Shopify for Developers badge. $249 5 Courses Exam Online Storefront Verified Skills Developers credentialed Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify Learn how to leverage Shopify’s shipping and fulfillment tools to enhance operational efficiency. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify badge. $149 3 Courses Partners Exam Verified Skills Selling Shopify credentialed style-general-assessments B2B on Shopify: Launch and Customization Learn how to start selling wholesale by setting up and customizing B2B features in a Shopify store. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your B2B on Shopify: Launch and Customization badge. $149 4 Courses Exam B2B Verified Skills Platform credentialed Getting Started with International Selling Dive into the fundamentals of international selling and discover global market opportunities. FREE 25 Actions to take Start working on your mandatory Shopify Verified Skills and join the live webinar sessions FREE separator Introduction to POS UI Extensions Learn how to take advantage of POS UI extensions by exploring practical applications, learning to navigate developer documentation, and gaining hands-on experience in creating innovative extensions. FREE 40 Retail Developers Week 3 FREE separator separator-minimal separator-week Solutioning with POS UI Extensions Learn how to develop tailored solutions using POS UI extensions to address specific business challenges. FREE 25 Retail Developers Getting Started on Shop Your customers are already on Shop, you just need to meet them there. Watch these short videos to understand how you can leverage Shop’s features to re-engage your most valuable customers. FREE 10 Plus Partners Platform Onsite Cart Abandonment Strategies Learn hands-on tactics to convert more customers through abandoned cart recovery FREE 5 min Plus Partners Marketing Platform Misconceptions on ERP and Fulfillment Learn how to select the right tools to power up your business FREE Operations Plus Partners Webinar Platform How to Grow a Successful B2B Business on Shopify In this 60-minute event, you’ll learn how to successfully grow a B2B business on Shopify. Hear it live from Greg Macdonald, CEO and Founder of Bathorium, and Lizzie Scolari, Product Marketing Manager at Shopify. FREE 58 Plus Marketing Webinar Platform Grow your Business with Data Analysis Understand your customers and what motivates their behavior. Learn how to draw insights from data to better inform your business decisions. FREE 120 Operations Plus Partners Platform Branding, Positioning, and Building an Effective Online Presence Learn to create a powerful brand identity that resonates with your audience by defining your mission, vision, and values while crafting unique value propositions and engaging storytelling. FREE 45 Marketing Training and Managing Staff for POS Enhance your skills in training and managing employees effectively with Shopify POS, focusing on onboarding, continuous improvement training, and using roles and permissions. FREE 20 Retail Platform Launching on Shopify Plus Learn how to plan and execute your migration and setup on Shopify Plus FREE 30 Plus Partners Platform Create a Diagram for an Employee Stipend Program Work from business case to completed technical diagram. FREE 60 Project resource-project The Five Reasons Why Your Ecommerce Business is a Cash-Eating Monster In this pre-recorded webinar, learn from Jason Andrew of SBO Financial on how to run a more profitable business FREE 56 min Operations Plus Partners Webinar Platform B2B on Shopify: Launch and Customization Path Learn how to start selling wholesale by setting up and customizing B2B features in a Shopify store. FREE 3 Courses Learning Path B2B Platform Enhancing Checkout with UI Extensions Learn how UI extensions create unique shopping experiences in the checkout. FREE 25 Checkout Platform Customizing Business Logic with Shopify Functions Learn how Shopify Functions apply unique business processes to checkout. FREE 30 Checkout Platform Site Audit Walkthrough Walk through an 8 minute site audit of the 6 key areas to focus on when optimizing your ecommerce site for conversion. FREE 10 Store Design Partners Platform How to Optimize your Page and Site Speed Improve your page and site speed with actionable tips you can implement yourself immediately, as well as more complex strategies you can address with your developer to FREE 20 Store Design Plus Partners Platform Creating an Optimal Ecommerce Search Experience Design and UX best practices to optimize your search experience FREE 20 Store Design Plus Partners Platform Creating an Inclusive Online Experience Best practices for accessible web design FREE 6 min Store Design Plus Partners Platform TikTok x Cheekbone Beauty Case Study:  Optimizing Paid Campaigns on TikTok Follow along with Plus merchant, Cheekbone Beauty, as the TikTok Creative Team conducts an audit of their current TikTok strategy. FREE 40 min Partners Marketing Platform How to Use Shopify Flow to Automate your Business Build custom workflows to help manage everything from inventory, to loyalty programs, to fraud protection. FREE 25 Plus Partners Platform [Video] Sneak Peek: Conversion Rate Optimization with Shopify Learn how to improve your online store’s conversion rates through a data-driven audit that will inform a CRO roadmap and A/B tests to track success. You’ll be equipped with a DIY toolkit to develop an optimization strategy based on expert guidance and tested frameworks used by our growth experts. FREE 1 auto-registration featured-video resource-video Video How to Drive Sales With Your Customer Support Team with Gorgias Walk through tactics to increase conversion by leveraging your support team FREE Plus Marketing Webinar Build a Referral Program to Drive Customer Acquisition Explore how to build a referral program into your ecommerce business to generate leads and sales FREE 10 min Plus Marketing Platform Growing with Shopify Recommended for merchants whose annual sales are between $100K and $1MM FREE separator [Video] Learn with Darryn | Internationalisation + Markets The video discusses the importance of international expansion for e-commerce. It emphasizes the need for businesses to manage unique catalogs, currencies, and inventory across different markets, with Shopify providing tools to simplify this process. The video also touches on the significance of choosing the right domain strategy and managing multiple business entities for successful internationalization. FREE 35 auto-registration resource-video Video Getting Started Selling B2B on Shopify Learn about the B2B commerce landscape, how to evaluate merchant fit, and strategies for crafting an effective B2B sales pitch. FREE 60 B2B [Video] Development Workflows: Partner Webinar This webinar provides an overview of Shopify deployment methods, covering general setup best practices, staging and testing, optimizing performance, the process of pushing changes and feature updates to production, and the differences between Headed Development and Headless Development. FREE 60 auto-registration resource-video Video [Article] Adding a Product in the Shopify Admin Add products to your online or retail store with the Shopify Admin. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Managing inventory in the Shopify Admin Whether you're receiving new stock, conducting an inventory audit, or holding inventory for an upcoming product launch, you can efficiently manage your inventory for all your locations from the Shopify admin. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article Introduction to Headless Storefronts Solutions Explore custom storefront solutions available to Shopify merchants, including features and benefits of Hydrogen, Oxygen, and the Storefront API. FREE 70 Partners Developers [Article] Managing your Shopify Pipeline as a Partner Learn how to qualify, submit, and manage Shopify leads to maximize your success in the Shopify ecosystem. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article Shopify POS Opportunity for Partners A short guide outlining the opportunities Shopify Partners have, with Shopify POS FREE External Resource auto-registration Week 1 FREE separator separator-minimal separator-week Week 2 FREE separator separator-minimal separator-week Selling Shopify Fundamentals Learn how to effectively co-sell with Shopify teams from efficient prospect discovery to delivering a winning pitch. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Selling Shopify Fundamentals badge. $149 5 Courses Partners Exam Learning Path Verified Skills Selling Shopify Consulting credentialed style-general-assessments Conversion Optimization: Checkout Learn about the key elements of a successful checkout, including cart design, shipping and payment options. FREE 40 Checkout Platform Planning for Peak Season 2024 Prepare for a successful 2024 peak holiday season and Black Friday - Cyber Monday (BFCM) with this comprehensive course packed with valuable insights and actionable tips. FREE 30 Platform Fulfillment and Order Routing Examine factors to decide which fulfillment methods to offer for your products and orders FREE 30 Expanding Your Developer Toolkit This course will introduce you to more advanced or multi-function tools, commerce-pillar specific extensions, and cover how to stay up to date on product changes relevant to developers. FREE 20 Shipping Settings and Strategies Learn how to align business goals to fulfillment strategies FREE 60 Marketing Fundamentals Path Learn how to optimize your use of Shopify’s marketing tools and products to expand your customer base, increase sales, and grow your business. FREE 4 Courses Learning Path credentialed Expanding your service offerings with Shopify POS This guide will help you learn how to incorporate Shopfy POS into your existing business FREE External Resource auto-registration Shopify POS Walkthrough Click through the Shopify POS app to learn about it's features and functionality. FREE External Resource auto-registration Grow with Shopify POS Learn how to grow as a Shopify Partner, with Shopify POS FREE separator [Video] Learn with Scott | Supercharge Shopify Development with AI In this session, Scott Dixon, a partner solutions engineer at Shopify, discusses the transformative impact of AI on web development, particularly within the Shopify ecosystem. The session includes practical demonstrations of using AI for tasks such as building a spend bar and optimizing store performance. Ultimately, Scott encourages developers to embrace AI as a powerful ally in their work. FREE 40 auto-registration resource-video Video Selling Shopify Series Not currently available separator Creating a Digital Marketing Strategy This learning path covers essential brand marketing knowledge, including unified commerce, strategic initiatives, audience engagement, and social media growth. Explore influencer and affiliate marketing. Complete the path and pass an assessment to earn your Digital Marketing Strategy badge. $149 7 Courses Marketing Exam Learning Path Verified Skills credentialed Navigating the Shopify Admin A collection of interactive demos and articles that provides an overview of the capabilities of the Shopify admin. You’ll explore the features and tools that will help you maximize your success with the admin. FREE 13 Resources Learning Path Collection Shopify POS Launch and Operations Learn about Shopify POS launch and operations to effectively set up and manage hardware, train staff, execute operations, and optimize growth for seamless business operations. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your POS Launch and Operations badge. $149 6 Courses Exam Learning Path Retail Verified Skills Admin credentialed style-general-assessments Solution Planning Fundamentals Learn how to analyze, visualize, and plan technical implementations with Shopify. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Solution Planning Fundamentals badge. $149 4 Courses Partners Exam Learning Path Verified Skills Implementing credentialed style-general-assessments Customizing the POS Experience Learn how to design and implement personalized solutions for a business's needs using POS UI extensions. $249 4 Courses Exam Learning Path Retail Verified Skills credentialed Shopify Development Fundamentals Learn Shopify's framework and the necessary steps to start developing on Shopify’s platform. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Shopify Development Fundamentals badge. $149 6 Courses Exam Learning Path Verified Skills Developers credentialed style-general-assessments Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout Learn what’s possible with customizing checkout beyond what’s available out-of-the-box. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout badge. $149 8 Courses Exam Learning Path Checkout Verified Skills credentialed Shopify Partner Program Essentials Begin your journey as a Shopify Partner by exploring essential courses that provide foundational knowledge for your success. FREE 4 Courses Partners Learning Path Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers Learn how to use Liquid, Shopify's templating language, to optimize Shopify themes and deliver exceptional user experiences. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers learning path content. $249 4 Courses Exam Learning Path Verified Skills Developers credentialed Solution Planning Fundamentals Path Learn how to analyze, visualize, and plan technical implementations with Shopify. FREE 3 Courses Partners Learning Path Platform credentialed Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally Learn to guide your business through the key steps of an international expansion. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Start Here and Go Abroad – Taking Your Store International badge. $149 8 Courses Internationalization Exam Learning Path Verified Skills Platform Customizing the POS Experience Path Learn how to design and implement personalized solutions for a business's needs using POS UI extensions. FREE 3 Courses Learning Path Retail Developers Getting started with Liquid for Developers This course introduces you to Liquid for theme development work. FREE 45 Headless at Shopify for Developers Path Understand Shopify’s custom storefront solutions and learn best practices to guide clients through all phases of headless implementation. FREE 4 Courses Learning Path credentialed Positioning the value of Shopify Checkout Path Learn how to pitch and position Shopify Checkout and checkout extension features to prospective and existing merchants. FREE 3 Courses Learning Path credentialed Mastering the Art of Positioning Shopify Checkout Learn how to promote Shopify Checkout to prospective brands FREE 40 Partners Checkout Square Switcher Toolkit Resources to help Partners migrate merchants from Square to Shopify POS FREE External Resource auto-registration Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify Path Learn how to leverage Shopify’s shipping and fulfillment tools to enhance operational efficiency, reduce costs, and ensure timely delivery. FREE 2 Courses Learning Path credentialed Positioning and Selling Shopify's Shipping and Fulfillment Solutions FREE 30 Selling Shopify Fundamentals Path Learn how to effectively co-sell with Shopify teams from efficient prospect discovery to delivering a winning pitch. FREE 4 Courses Partners Learning Path credentialed Customizing Themes Learn the fundamentals of frontend development at Shopify with an emphasis on theme development. FREE 120 Courses Developers Shopify Development Fundamentals Path Learn Shopify's framework and the necessary steps to start developing on Shopify’s platform. FREE 4 Courses Learning Path Solution-Based Selling with Shopify POS Path Learn ways to partner with Shopify as well as how to understand product positioning for Shopify POS. FREE 4 Courses Learning Path credentialed [Article] Creating Variants in the Shopify Admin Add Variants and Collections using the Shopify Admin. FREE 6 auto-registration Article resource-article 4 Ways to Use Shopify POS to Grow Your Partner Business Learn from successful retail partners how to use Shopify POS to gain new clients, solve common commerce challenges, and boost your agency's growth. FREE External Resource auto-registration Working with Merchants Be prepared to work with Shopify merchants of all types. FREE 30 Partners Briefing: POS Total Cost of Ownership Leverage these resource to show your clients how Shopify POS reduces retail operation costs better than the competition. FREE External Resource auto-registration Partner Marketing Toolkit Marketing and brand guidelines FREE External Resource auto-registration Video: How to Earn with Shopify POS There’s a new way to earn as a Shopify partner. We’ve introduced profit sharing. FREE External Resource auto-registration Riess Group increased deal sizes by 3-4x with Shopify POS Riess Group, a commerce consulting agency, has had a long-standing partnership with Shopify. They boosted their deal sizes by 3-4x by incorporating Shopify POS into their service offerings. FREE External Resource auto-registration Getting Started with Selling Shopify Retail This course will teach you how to talk about Shopify POS’s features and benefits to retail merchants. FREE 30 Partners Retail Platform Unified Commerce Marketing Deck This deck provides guidelines + resources for Partners to effectively market Shopify's Unified Commerce platform to medium to large retailers. FREE External Resource auto-registration Pitching Shopify POS Video Watch this 3 minute video to see an example of how to pitch Shopify POS, as a Partner. FREE External Resource auto-registration Shopify POS Sales Sheet A pdf to help Shopify Partners present Shopify POS to merchants FREE External Resource auto-registration Lightspeed Switcher Toolkit Resources to help Partners migrate merchants from Lightspeed to Shopify POS FREE External Resource auto-registration Learn about Shopify POS Some kind of education resources overview. FREE separator Optimizing Site Speed for Wild Fork Foods with Diff Agency Walk through the execution of a site speed audit with Shopify Partner DIFF. FREE 0 hr 11 min Store Design Plus Partners Webinar Platform Identifying Fit for Shopify Checkout Explore Shopify Checkout’s features and benefits to identify merchant fit FREE 15 Partners Checkout Customer Service Training: Role-Specific Onboarding Learn how to efficiently handle customer service requests on Shopify FREE 15 Plus Partners Platform Seasonal and Event-Based Marketing Learn to create a holiday-specific marketing strategy that resonates with your audience by tailoring campaigns to each holiday's unique themes and understanding the psychological triggers of urgency and scarcity. FREE 30 Marketing Build a Custom Storefront with Hydrogen Discover how to build essential ecommerce storefront pages using Hydrogen and the Mock.shop API. FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Search Engine Optimization Join the Shopify Merchant Success team as they discuss tactics to improve your store’s search engine optimization (SEO) FREE 58 min Plus Marketing Webinar Platform Shipping Products Internationally Explore how to select the right shipping strategies when fulfilling international orders. FREE 20 Getting Started on Shopify Plus Learn about Shopify Plus exclusive features, education and community resources. FREE 30 Plus Partners Platform Introduction to Shopify Learn about who Shopify is, our  mission, core features of the platform, and how we support businesses of all sizes to start and grow. FREE 20 Partners Platform Shipping and Fulfillment Fundamentals Learn the art of configuring and optimizing shipping settings and strategies in Shopify to enhance operational efficiency and customer satisfaction. FREE 3 Courses Learning Path style-general-assessments Create a Sustainable Business: How to Build and Scale a Social Enterprise Learn about the tools you need to assess your business and take steps to inject sustainability into your company. FREE 27 min Operations Plus Partners Platform Onboarding B2B on Shopify Learn how to implement key B2B on Shopify features, including: companies, locations, catalogs, sales staff, and themes. FREE 30 B2B Platform Sell in China with Social Media In this pre-recorded webinar, learn tips to sell into China by leveraging their digital ecosystem and social media FREE 60 Internationalization Plus Partners Webinar Platform Building Backend Logic for Shopify Checkout Extend your Shopify store's checkout capabilities by mastering metafields and Shopify Functions. FREE Checkout Discount Functions Metafields [Video] Surfaces to Create Apps For You can create public apps to list on the Shopify App Store, or create custom ones for a single merchant. Apps interact with different areas of the shop by platform and extend its functionality. FREE 4 auto-registration featured-video resource-video Video Introduction to Shipping & Fulfillment with Shopify Get a comprehensive understanding of Shopify’s shipping and fulfillment tools. FREE 30 Week 4 FREE separator separator-minimal separator-week [Video] Packaging 101 with Arka Discover the best practices for packaging products to make success-oriented decisions. FREE 20 auto-registration resource-video Video Video Series Build With Us: B2B In this session, get a better understanding of B2B on Shopify and how you can expand your reach and simplify operations. FREE 60 Plus Partners B2B Webinar Platform 4 Strategies For Pitching and Solutioning Shopify POS Learn from Shopify retail partners how to effectively pitch and customize Shopify POS for your clients while growing your business. FREE External Resource auto-registration App Development Fundamentals Learn the fundamentals of Shopify app development and how to extend the platform. FREE 20 Apps Developers Introduction to custom storefronts for developers Learn about Shopify’s headless framework, tooling, and hosting options. FREE 45 Storefronts Developers [Article] Navigating the Shopify Partner Ecosystem Learn about the tools and resources available to you as a Shopify partner. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article Marketing Your Shopify Services as a Partner Unlock the full potential of marketing your Shopify offerings FREE 45 Partners Marketing Theme architecture with Liquid for Developers This course introduces you to Shopify’s standard theme architecture while diving deeper into the Liquid basics learned in the previous course. FREE 45 Localization Strategies Learn how to make your brand feel like it belongs across borders. FREE 25 Developing Your International Go-to-Market Strategy Explore how to set goals and make a plan for international expansion. FREE 20 Pricing Your Products When Selling Cross-Border Discover how to manage pricing and payments when selling to international customers. FREE 15 Researching Your International Target Market Learn how to identify market demand when selling to a new region. FREE 20 Fundamentals Series Learn the essentials for success on the Shopify platform and as a Partner or developer. FREE separator App Surfaces Examples Explore how apps can extend Shopify’s functionality across multiple app surfaces to improve both merchant and customer experiences. FREE 20 Apps Developers Building with Shopify Recommended for merchants whose annual sales are between $0K and $100K FREE separator Scaling with Shopify Recommended for merchants whose annual sales are over $1MM and growing FREE separator Using the Partner Dashboard Learn about the Partner Dashboard so you can effectively collaborate with merchants and Shopify. FREE 15 Partners [Video] Working with Graph QL on Shopify This video series introduces the basic concepts of GraphQL to help developers think about finding and working with data in Shopify differently from REST API. FREE 7 auto-registration resource-video Video Digital Marketing Essentials Learn how to create effective digital marketing strategies that drive customer engagement, increase conversions, and build long-term loyalty through optimized content, email, and SMS campaigns. FREE 65 Marketing Recreate Real-Life In-Store Experiences with 3D Models and Augmented Reality Improve conversion rates by implementing 3D models and videos FREE 12 min Store Design Plus Partners Platform The Value of Social Listening Learn the value of social listening and how to leverage what you "hear" to grow your business FREE 29 min Plus Marketing Webinar Platform Recruiting the Best Talent In this pre-recorded webinar, learn from Steph Corker of the Corker Collective on how to recruit the best talent FREE 32 min Operations Plus Partners Webinar Platform Identifying Features that Customize Shopify Checkout Learn use cases and features of checkout customization technologies. FREE 45 Checkout Platform Co-selling with Shopify Learn how to navigate the Shopify sales cycle and partner with key Shopify teams for successful co-selling. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products Path This learning path empowers Shopify partners to understand the full spectrum of Shopify's marketing products. FREE 2 Courses Partners Marketing Learning Path Selling Shopify credentialed Positioning the Shopify Advantage Learn how to position Shopify as the preferred commerce platform for prospective merchants. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Positioning International Selling with Shopify Learn how Shopify supports international selling and how you can identify and align the right merchant with the right solution. After completing the learning path, pass a proctored assessment to earn your Positioning International Selling with Shopify badge. $149 3 Courses Partners Exam Verified Skills Consulting credentialed style-general-assessments Creating a Digital Marketing Strategy Path From unified commerce foundations to strategic seasonal campaigns, learn the essentials of marketing with Shopify to build your brand, engage your audience, and drive conversions. FREE 6 Courses Marketing Learning Path [Video] Checkout Extensibility Shopify offers a high-converting checkout, right out of the box. Some businesses have unique needs that require extending on top of native capabilities. In this series, you’ll learn about all the available technologies to offer a unique and customized Shopify checkout experience. FREE 10 auto-registration resource-video Video Series [Video] Sales Foundations: Pitching Learn how to craft a winning Shopify value pitch that drives sales momentum. This series covers how to frame the challenge, why Shopify is different and how Shopify delivers value. Watch now to learn how to tailor your pitch with details about a prospects GMV, complexity and pain points. FREE 15 auto-registration resource-video Video Video Series [Video] Shopify Admin Essentials: A Day with Kaycee Join Kaycee as she walks you through how she uses the Shopify admin in her day-to-day work. She oversees shipping and fulfillment, rotating products, and ensuring a seamless shopping experience for customers. Because the Shopify admin is the central hub for managing a business, she will be spending lots of time there. Join us as Kaycee takes you on a guided tour of the Shopify admin. FREE 3 auto-registration resource-video Video [Video] Business Shipping Challenges: Mid-Market & Enterprise Follow along with real Shopify merchants and get a firsthand look at their shipping challenges. This series explores common shipping issues for both mid-market and enterprise businesses and how they overcome those obstacles. FREE 4 auto-registration featured-video resource-video Video [Article] Gift Cards in the Shopify Admin Gift cards can be added to your store from the admin just like any other product, providing a convenient option for your customers to share their enthusiasm for your brand with friends and family. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Video] Sales Foundations: Prospecting Learn how to determine merchant fit, lead effective discovery, and prepare to handle some of the most common objections. This series explores three different market segments: Mid market, Large account, and Enterprise.  Watch now to learn more about evaluating prospects, identify merchant challenges and priorities, and predict common objections. FREE 12 auto-registration resource-video Video Video Series Introduction to Shopify Partner Program Identify opportunities to collaborate with merchants and Shopify to grow your business as a Partner. FREE 15 Partners Liquid optimization for performance This course introduces you to various tools and techniques for optimizing Liquid themes for performance. FREE 30 Shopify Flow Fundamentals: Building Powerful Automation for a Store Learn about the Shopify Flow interface and its core components to build powerful automations that streamline an ecommerce business. FREE 3 Courses Learning Path Shopify Flow [Article] Introduction to Shopify’s Development Resources Learn about the tools and resources available to you as a Shopify developer. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Strategies to accelerate the sales cycle as a Partner Learn how to build a sustainable pipeline by focusing on different strategies to engage with prospects at the top, middle, and bottom of the funnel. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article New courses and paths FREE separator Storefront Series FREE separator Retail Series FREE separator Scale Your Shipping Strategy This course explores consumer expectations for shipping, how to develop the right shipping strategy for your business, and how to put your strategy into action. FREE 45 mins Operations Platform User Experience and Optimization Join the Shopify Merchant Success Team as they cover how to optimize the user experience (UX) of your store. FREE 55 min Store Design Plus Partners Webinar Platform Increase Your Selling Power with Marketplaces Discover how Marketplaces can help you grow your audience and expand into new international markets. FREE 57 min Plus Partners Marketing Platform How to Go Global Product Manager Cole Atkinson teaches you how to use key Shopify products including Markets to sell cross border FREE 25 Internationalization Plus Partners Sell & Market Shopify POS Resources to help you market, pitch, and sell Shopify POS to merchants. FREE separator Optimization and Growth with POS Explore advanced strategies to optimize operations and drive business growth with Shopify POS. FREE 60 Retail Platform Site Speed Optimization Join the Shopify Merchant Success team and a Performance Expert as they discuss tactics to improve your store’s site speed FREE 61 min Plus Partners Webinar Platform Email Marketing Strategies for Ecommerce Use email effectively in your ecommerce marketing strategy FREE 20 Shopify Plus Plus Partners Marketing Platform Building Custom POS Interfaces with UI Extensions Learn how to design and develop custom POS interfaces by engaging in comprehensive, hands-on practice with UI extensions. FREE 45 Retail Developers Hydrogen Best Practices Learn best practices to optimize a custom storefront FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Omni-Channel Retailing Develop an omni-channel strategy by understanding what medium your customers are using. Reduce the path to conversion by leveraging the channels most natural to them. FREE 30 Plus Partners Marketing Platform POS Pro Yearly Subscription Introduce your prospects to the new POS offer so that they can benefit, and you can close more deals. FREE External Resource auto-registration Liquid to Hydrogen Migration Learn the steps to successfully transition from a Liquid storefront to Hydrogen. FREE 40 Storefronts Developers Craft a Winning Shopify Value Pitch Learn how to deliver a tailored Shopify value pitch that drives sales momentum. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Positioning International Selling with Shopify Path Learn how Shopify supports international selling and how you can identify and align the right merchant with the right solution. FREE 2 Courses Partners Learning Path Selling Shopify credentialed Deciding on Your B2B Store Format Learn about the two B2B storefront formats available on Shopify, and how to choose the right setup for specific business needs. FREE 30 B2B Platform Personalizing the B2B Buying Experience Learn how to create a personalized buying experience for wholesale customers. FREE 30 B2B Platform Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout Path Learn what’s possible with customizing checkout beyond what’s available out-of-the-box. FREE 7 Courses Learning Path Checkout Create a Landing Page That Converts A great landing page helps you delight your visitors and convert them into leads. FREE 3 mins Plus Partners Platform Extending Checkout with the Checkout Blocks App Learn how Checkout Blocks tailors your checkout experience. FREE 30 Checkout Platform How to Increase Customer Conversions with Shopify POS 5 features a retailer may want to use to increase their efficiency and in-store conversion. FREE 40 Retail Platform Influencer and Affiliate Marketing Explore the essentials of influencer and affiliate marketing to grow your business by identifying suitable influencers, building strong partnerships, and utilizing performance-based strategies. FREE 30 Marketing Shopify POS Demo Kit This kit is loaded with resources and guidance to help you demo Shopify POS. FREE External Resource auto-registration EY Report: Future Proofing Retail Share this EY unified commerce research report summary with your prospects. FREE External Resource auto-registration POS Hardware and Payments Optimize the customer experience in your retail store through innovative hardware and payments solutions. FREE 60 Retail Platform Storefront API Customization Understand the purpose, structure, and capabilities of the Storefront API FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants Path Learn about Shopify’s custom storefront solutions and learn best practices to guide clients through all phases of headless implementation. FREE 2 Courses Learning Path credentialed Introduction to Storefronts Learn about four different storefronts that all work seamlessly with and within the Shopify platform. FREE 20 Storefronts Developers [Video] Become a Migration Master: Accelerate the Thank You and Order Status Page Upgrade This webinar focused on the Thank You and Order Status page upgrade, highlighting efficient techniques for migrating a larger number of merchants. The session aimed to enhance technical skills, improve support for current clients, and identify opportunities to attract new business. It served as a guide for becoming a reliable partner for merchants in their Thank You and Order Status page upgrades. FREE 60 auto-registration resource-video Video Foundations of Unified Commerce Marketing Gain a foundational understanding of unified commerce by exploring its key components, sales channels, and performance metrics in this course. FREE 60 Marketing [Video] Shopify Flow Fundamentals Learn about the Shopify Flow Fundamentals and how to build powerful automation for your store. You'll learn what Shopify is and how to build your first flow with a pre-built template. FREE 2 auto-registration resource-video Video Video Series Product Positioning for POS Gain the product knowledge you need to position Shopify POS as a key part of a unified commerce approach. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail POS Operations Discover how to streamline your business operations and focus on business growth with Shopify POS. FREE 50 Retail Platform Social Media and Content Marketing Discover effective strategies for leveraging social media and content marketing to enhance your brand's presence and foster business growth through a well-structured content calendar. FREE 80 Marketing Customizing the Appearance of Shopify Checkout Learn how to visually design your checkout with the checkout and accounts editor and Checkout Branding API. FREE 25 Checkout Platform POS Setup and Configuration Learn the foundational steps for selling in person with Shopify POS, including secure data migration, Shopify admin setup, app installation and configuration, and effective issue troubleshooting. FREE 35 Retail Platform Recommended learning We recommend the following courses FREE separator Analyzing the International Competitive Landscape Explore how to assess international competition when entering a new market. FREE 25 Planning and Implementing a Custom Storefront Learn best practices for managing a client relationship through each phase of a custom storefront implementation on Shopify. FREE 60 Partners Developers Build Black with Shopify Pathway Welcome to the Build Black Pathway, an empowering journey designed to equip Black entrepreneurs with the essential tools to help transform their business visions into realities. FREE 13 Courses [Video] Getting Started with Building on Shopify Follow along with an applied framework that you can apply to your own business or clients. FREE 9 auto-registration resource-video Video Series [Video] Shopify Products Marketing Journey Join Naomi, a newly hired e-commerce marketing manager, as she transforms her skincare brand's marketing strategy using Shopify's marketing tools. Discover how she boosts conversion rates through targeted ad campaigns, influencer collaborations, and automated email sequences, setting a new benchmark for success. FREE 3 auto-registration resource-video Video [Video] Integration with an ERP System In this video we’ll review a practical example of how integrating Shopify with an ERP system can enhance the efficiency of a particular task.  Learn more about technical implementation planning as part of Shopify Academy’s Solution Planning Fundamentals learning path, plus earn your Shopify Verified Skill badge today. FREE 3 auto-registration resource-video Video [Video] Why Unified Commerce? Physical retail is back! In store and online are now effectively one continuous experience and no longer separate lanes of business. Watch to learn more about how Shopify empowers you to make a seamless shopping experience for your customers with Unified Commerce. FREE 4 auto-registration resource-video Video [Video] Peak Season: Tips from Experts Hear directly from experts on how to maximize this year's peak season. These seasoned partners have successfully guided countless merchants through one of the most exhilarating and busy times of the year. Watch the series to learn their top tips and strategies. FREE 12 auto-registration resource-video Video Video Series [Video] Get started with B2B on Shopify Join fictional B2B merchants Zone Furnishings, Maison, and Home Haven as they discover how Shopify’s B2B features help improve their operations. FREE 8 B2B auto-registration featured-video resource-video Video [Video] Crafting Your Campaign This video series outlines four key steps for creating a successful marketing campaign. FREE 12 auto-registration resource-video Video Series [Video] The Pathways Podcast: Leading with Checkout Join our Shopify team to discuss how Partners and Business Consultants are able to lead with checkout when pitching and selling Shopify to new prospective brands. FREE 30 Checkout Webinar auto-registration resource-video Video [Video] Handling Shipping Objections This video series tackles common objections you may hear when crafting a pitch for Shopify Shipping FREE 6 auto-registration resource-video Video Exploring Checkout Extensibility for Advanced Customization Needs Learn how to position Checkout Extensibility features to merchant goals FREE 20 Partners Checkout [Video] International Selling: Bathorium Case Study Join Bathorium Founder, Greg MacDonald, as he breaks down how they approach selling into new international markets and leverage Shopify’s International Selling Tools. FREE 10 auto-registration featured-video resource-video Video Video Series Visualizing Technical Solutions for Shopify In this course we’ll create visualizations of Shopify processes, tools, and component integrations with architecture diagrams. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Analyzing a Business In this course, we’ll look at how to analyze a business when planning the implementation of new software or technology. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Technical Implementation Planning In this course we’ll look at the technical considerations when planning implementation with Shopify. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $249 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_1ynyb512uxjel link_2e168rgrscqfq [Article] Why Automation Is Essential for Ecommerce Discover how the power of automation in ecommerce could help you overcome scaling challenges. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article The Anatomy of a Shopify Flow Workflow Unlock the power of automation! Learn the core components of Shopify Flow workflows – triggers, conditions, and actions – and build automations to streamline your ecommerce operations. FREE 30 Courses Shopify Flow Building a Workflow with Shopify Flow This practical, framework-driven course empowers you to automate your ecommerce tasks and build your first Shopify Flow workflow. FREE 45 Courses Shopify Flow Positioning Business Growth with Marketing Products This course will demonstrate how to introduce, position, and sell Shopify’s marketing products to merchants based on their needs and goals. FREE 30 Partners Introduction to Shopify’s Marketing Products This course will highlight specific tools, features, and strategies that a Partner can highlight to add value to a typical merchant’s marketing program. FREE 15 Partners Positioning International Selling Tools & Managed Markets Learn how to address common merchant challenges and discover how Shopify helps merchants expand and grow across borders. FREE 60 Partners Introduction to International Selling with Shopify Explore the many features and benefits available to Shopify merchants with international selling tools and Managed Markets. FREE 30 Partners Build Black with Shopify Pathway FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Trial, Shopify Admin, Tasks How to set up a trial at Shopify, Navigating the Shopify Admin, and Beginning Build a store (BAS) tasks. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Products & Collections Learn all about products & collections FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Themes Learn how to add and edit your theme in Shopify FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Adding Pages, Policy Pages, Menus & Navigation Learn about adding and editing your pages, policy pages and menu's. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Shipping Learn about setting up shipping and an introduction to Shopify Shipping. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Pricing, Payments and Security Learn about Shopify's Pricing, Payments and Security features. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 101 Learn about Shopify's Marketing Tools and Apps. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 102 Learn about Shopify Apps, Sales Channels, and Reports. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 103 Learn about Search Engine Optimization and Blogs FREE no-search 1mbb Why Shopify 101: Point of Sale & Mobile Responsiveness An introduction to Point of Sale and Mobile Responsiveness FREE Why Shopify 102: Introduction to Financial Services An Introduction to Shopify's Financial Services - Capital, Credit and Balance. FREE Shopify Support & Continued Learning Learn how to get in touch with Shopify Support and further your learning FREE no-search 1mbb Shopify POS Launch and Operations Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify POS Launch and Operations learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_2rho7ug6w4tcx Platform link_retake_1l6tj7uyz9sm9 Finding New Customers with Shopify Focus on how Shopify's marketing tools can simplify the complexity of finding new customers, building brand awareness, and targeting quality leads FREE 45 Converting Site Visitors to First-Time Buyers Learn about some of the specific challenges associated with getting potential customers to convert to first-time buyers FREE 45 Staying Engaged with Customers to Boost LTV Leverage Shopify's email solutions, marketing tools, and automations to maintain engagement, identify high-value customer segments, and enhance retargeting strategies to boost customer lifetime value and loyalty. FREE 20 Aligning Shopify Marketing Products to the Customer Life Cycle Explore how Shopify’s marketing products help you find new customers and grow your business FREE 45 B2B on Shopify: Launch and Customization Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the B2B on Shopify Launch and Customization learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 40 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_3bz4ngp3wle03 link_1hidk5expxuyq Headless at Shopify for Developers Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Headless at Shopify for Developers learning path content. $249 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_1nlhtr0c9ljp2 link_retake_notnzevs9vw1 Integrating with Shopify In this course we’ll cover the fundamentals of backend development at Shopify with an emphasis on APIs and webhooks, GraphQL, and common surfaces for custom apps. FREE 120 Courses Developers Developing on Shopify This course will introduce you to the Shopify platform, explain how it’s different from other commerce platforms, and give you examples of what’s possible as a Shopify developer. FREE 60 Courses Developers Exploring and Extending Shopify’s Data Model This course will introduce you to Shopify’s data model and custom data objects. FREE 90 Courses Developers Shopify Development Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify Development Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Developers link_22q6s891qbbbc link_retake_3uqlui80igptv [Demo] Managing Products in the Shopify Admin Learn how to manage products, collections, and inventory in the Shopify admin, including product variants and metaobjects. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Demo] Customers and orders in the Shopify Admin Discover how to manage customers, orders, and segments in the Shopify admin to improve sales. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Article] Setting up Sales Channels for Social Media in the Shopify Admin Learn how to reach more customers by adding social media sales channels to your store. FREE 4 auto-registration resource-article [Article] Creating a Draft Order in the Shopify Admin Discover how to create and manage draft orders and send invoices to customers. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Setting up Role Based Access Controls in the Shopify Admin Discover how to manage user permissions using role-based access controls in the Shopify admin. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Creating Metaobjects and Metafields in the Shopify Admin Learn to create metaobjects and use metafields to customize product information in your Shopify store. FREE 5 auto-registration Article resource-article [Demo] Sales Channels, Marketing, and Discounts in the Shopify Admin Explore how to expand your reach using sales channels, marketing campaigns, and discounts in the Shopify admin. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Demo] Finance and Analytics in the Shopify Admin Understand how to use financial data and analytics tools in the Shopify admin to inform your business decisions. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Demo] Introduction to the Shopify Admin Take a guided tour of the Shopify admin to learn how to navigate the platform and its key features. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products learning path content. $149 Partners Marketing Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_2wvv8wae4o9tu link_retake_k359d5utnpzm Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 30 Exam Checkout AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_2uk4uqil5u2kr link_3ctdvbl8hy7de [Article] Adding Web Pixels Learn how web pixels track user behavior and explore the two types of pixels you can set up on Shopify. FREE auto-registration Article resource-article Positioning the Value of Shopify Checkout Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Positioning the Value of Shopify Checkout learning path content. $149 Partners Exam Checkout AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_39te4dbsjvok5 link_retake_1wb8oh18zjtb9 Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally learning path content. We recommend that you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 40 Internationalization Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Platform link_j36lh0waz6jf link_retake_19yzke6u1u8kd Craft the POS Solution Learn to craft a solution that meets merchant needs and sets them up for continued success. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Pitch to Win for POS Learn how to identify retail opportunities and craft a winning pitch. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail POS for Partners Learn about partnering with Shopify to offer your clients retail solutions. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Shopify POS Solution-Based Selling Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify POS Solution-Based Selling learning path content. $149 Point of Sale Exam AI_PROCTORED Retail Badge link_3d43bmkm9wtna link_retake_3uyed375zite6 Customizing the POS Experience Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Customizing the POS Experience learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $249 45 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_16338ym2gy1hk link_retake_3ruuv73s0e5in Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_1lj1h2xdccxq8 link_retake_1gywbv8e0jjhj Positioning International Selling with Shopify Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Positioning International Selling with Shopify learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 Internationalization Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_ykqkxk3v8qjz link_135c8e34grk7o, Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify Assessment This assessment tests your knowledge of Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify learning path content. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_24mfgvhcnsadr link_retake_2acexfml94vjk Sales Prospecting and Discovery Learn how to determine merchant fit, lead effective discovery, and prepare to handle some of the most common objections. FREE 60 Courses Partners Solution Planning Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Solution Planning Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_11pqlwtdfwb91 link_retake_e8vwkmw62uuu CRO Analysis and Optimization Learn how to analyze your Shopify store using reports and create a CRO roadmap. Not currently available 45 CRO Implementation and Testing Learn how to apply testing methodologies to create data-driven improvements that will help increase your conversion rates. Not currently available 45 CRO Targeting and Personalization Learn how to improve conversion rates by personalizing the customer experience using techniques such as customized landing pages and targeted messaging. Not currently available 45 CRO Overview and Best Practices Learn how to apply CRO best practices and understand visitor intent to effectively drive conversions. Not currently available 35 Selling Shopify Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Selling Shopify Fundamentals learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_110lb6naeh4c6 link_retake_2xqgu5l3nqb2r Creating a Digital Marketing Strategy Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that evaluates your understanding of the Creating a Digital Marketing Strategy learning path content. We recommend completing all courses within the learning path before attempting the assessment. $149 30 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_11gd3x24nro51 link_3fp1u528jklmt Marketing Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Marketing Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Marketing and Sales Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Platform link_retake_2umucr9qwot9d link_53dg9hhm7dkk Visualizing Technical Solutions for Shopify In this course we’ll create visualizations of Shopify processes, tools, and component integrations with architecture diagrams. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Analyzing a Business In this course, we’ll look at how to analyze a business when planning the implementation of new software or technology. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Technical Implementation Planning In this course we’ll look at the technical considerations when planning implementation with Shopify. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Liquid optimization for performance This course introduces you to various tools and techniques for optimizing Liquid themes for performance. FREE 30 Getting started with Liquid for Developers This course introduces you to Liquid for theme development work. FREE 45 Theme architecture with Liquid for Developers This course introduces you to Shopify’s standard theme architecture while diving deeper into the Liquid basics learned in the previous course. FREE 45 Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $249 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_1ynyb512uxjel link_2e168rgrscqfq [Article] Why Automation Is Essential for Ecommerce Discover how the power of automation in ecommerce could help you overcome scaling challenges. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article The Anatomy of a Shopify Flow Workflow Unlock the power of automation! Learn the core components of Shopify Flow workflows – triggers, conditions, and actions – and build automations to streamline your ecommerce operations. FREE 30 Courses Shopify Flow Building a Workflow with Shopify Flow This practical, framework-driven course empowers you to automate your ecommerce tasks and build your first Shopify Flow workflow. FREE 45 Courses Shopify Flow Positioning Business Growth with Marketing Products This course will demonstrate how to introduce, position, and sell Shopify’s marketing products to merchants based on their needs and goals. FREE 30 Partners Introduction to Shopify’s Marketing Products This course will highlight specific tools, features, and strategies that a Partner can highlight to add value to a typical merchant’s marketing program. FREE 15 Partners Positioning International Selling Tools & Managed Markets Learn how to address common merchant challenges and discover how Shopify helps merchants expand and grow across borders. FREE 60 Partners Introduction to International Selling with Shopify Explore the many features and benefits available to Shopify merchants with international selling tools and Managed Markets. FREE 30 Partners Build Black with Shopify Pathway FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Trial, Shopify Admin, Tasks How to set up a trial at Shopify, Navigating the Shopify Admin, and Beginning Build a store (BAS) tasks. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Products & Collections Learn all about products & collections FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Themes Learn how to add and edit your theme in Shopify FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Adding Pages, Policy Pages, Menus & Navigation Learn about adding and editing your pages, policy pages and menu's. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Shipping Learn about setting up shipping and an introduction to Shopify Shipping. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Pricing, Payments and Security Learn about Shopify's Pricing, Payments and Security features. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 101 Learn about Shopify's Marketing Tools and Apps. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 102 Learn about Shopify Apps, Sales Channels, and Reports. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 103 Learn about Search Engine Optimization and Blogs FREE no-search 1mbb Why Shopify 101: Point of Sale & Mobile Responsiveness An introduction to Point of Sale and Mobile Responsiveness FREE Why Shopify 102: Introduction to Financial Services An Introduction to Shopify's Financial Services - Capital, Credit and Balance. FREE Shopify Support & Continued Learning Learn how to get in touch with Shopify Support and further your learning FREE no-search 1mbb POS Hardware and Payments Optimize the customer experience in your retail store through innovative hardware and payments solutions. FREE 60 Retail Platform Shopify POS Launch and Operations Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify POS Launch and Operations learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_2rho7ug6w4tcx Platform link_retake_1l6tj7uyz9sm9 Optimization and Growth with POS Explore advanced strategies to optimize operations and drive business growth with Shopify POS. FREE 60 Retail Platform POS Operations Discover how to streamline your business operations and focus on business growth with Shopify POS. FREE 50 Retail Platform Training and Managing Staff for POS Enhance your skills in training and managing employees effectively with Shopify POS, focusing on onboarding, continuous improvement training, and using roles and permissions. FREE 20 Retail Platform POS Setup and Configuration Learn the foundational steps for selling in person with Shopify POS, including secure data migration, Shopify admin setup, app installation and configuration, and effective issue troubleshooting. FREE 35 Retail Platform Finding New Customers with Shopify Focus on how Shopify's marketing tools can simplify the complexity of finding new customers, building brand awareness, and targeting quality leads FREE 45 Converting Site Visitors to First-Time Buyers Learn about some of the specific challenges associated with getting potential customers to convert to first-time buyers FREE 45 Staying Engaged with Customers to Boost LTV Leverage Shopify's email solutions, marketing tools, and automations to maintain engagement, identify high-value customer segments, and enhance retargeting strategies to boost customer lifetime value and loyalty. FREE 20 Aligning Shopify Marketing Products to the Customer Life Cycle Explore how Shopify’s marketing products help you find new customers and grow your business FREE 45 Onboarding B2B on Shopify Learn how to implement key B2B on Shopify features, including: companies, locations, catalogs, sales staff, and themes. FREE 30 B2B Platform Deciding on Your B2B Store Format Learn about the two B2B storefront formats available on Shopify, and how to choose the right setup for specific business needs. FREE 30 B2B Platform B2B on Shopify: Launch and Customization Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the B2B on Shopify Launch and Customization learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 40 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_3bz4ngp3wle03 link_1hidk5expxuyq Personalizing the B2B Buying Experience Learn how to create a personalized buying experience for wholesale customers. FREE 30 B2B Platform Building Custom POS Interfaces with UI Extensions Learn how to design and develop custom POS interfaces by engaging in comprehensive, hands-on practice with UI extensions. FREE 45 Retail Developers Solutioning with POS UI Extensions Learn how to develop tailored solutions using POS UI extensions to address specific business challenges. FREE 25 Retail Developers Introduction to POS UI Extensions Learn how to take advantage of POS UI extensions by exploring practical applications, learning to navigate developer documentation, and gaining hands-on experience in creating innovative extensions. FREE 40 Retail Developers Introduction to Shipping & Fulfillment with Shopify Get a comprehensive understanding of Shopify’s shipping and fulfillment tools. FREE 30 Shipping Settings and Strategies Learn how to align business goals to fulfillment strategies FREE 60 Fulfillment and Order Routing Examine factors to decide which fulfillment methods to offer for your products and orders FREE 30 Headless at Shopify for Developers Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Headless at Shopify for Developers learning path content. $249 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_1nlhtr0c9ljp2 link_retake_notnzevs9vw1 Hydrogen Best Practices Learn best practices to optimize a custom storefront FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Introduction to custom storefronts for developers Learn about Shopify’s headless framework, tooling, and hosting options. FREE 45 Storefronts Developers Storefront API Customization Understand the purpose, structure, and capabilities of the Storefront API FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Build a Custom Storefront with Hydrogen Discover how to build essential ecommerce storefront pages using Hydrogen and the Mock.shop API. FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Customizing Themes Learn the fundamentals of frontend development at Shopify with an emphasis on theme development. FREE 120 Courses Developers Integrating with Shopify In this course we’ll cover the fundamentals of backend development at Shopify with an emphasis on APIs and webhooks, GraphQL, and common surfaces for custom apps. FREE 120 Courses Developers Developing on Shopify This course will introduce you to the Shopify platform, explain how it’s different from other commerce platforms, and give you examples of what’s possible as a Shopify developer. FREE 60 Courses Developers Exploring and Extending Shopify’s Data Model This course will introduce you to Shopify’s data model and custom data objects. FREE 90 Courses Developers Expanding Your Developer Toolkit This course will introduce you to more advanced or multi-function tools, commerce-pillar specific extensions, and cover how to stay up to date on product changes relevant to developers. FREE 20 Shopify Development Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify Development Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Developers link_22q6s891qbbbc link_retake_3uqlui80igptv [Demo] Managing Products in the Shopify Admin Learn how to manage products, collections, and inventory in the Shopify admin, including product variants and metaobjects. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Demo] Customers and orders in the Shopify Admin Discover how to manage customers, orders, and segments in the Shopify admin to improve sales. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Article] Setting up Sales Channels for Social Media in the Shopify Admin Learn how to reach more customers by adding social media sales channels to your store. FREE 4 auto-registration resource-article [Article] Creating a Draft Order in the Shopify Admin Discover how to create and manage draft orders and send invoices to customers. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Setting up Role Based Access Controls in the Shopify Admin Discover how to manage user permissions using role-based access controls in the Shopify admin. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Creating Metaobjects and Metafields in the Shopify Admin Learn to create metaobjects and use metafields to customize product information in your Shopify store. FREE 5 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Adding a Product in the Shopify Admin Add products to your online or retail store with the Shopify Admin. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Gift Cards in the Shopify Admin Gift cards can be added to your store from the admin just like any other product, providing a convenient option for your customers to share their enthusiasm for your brand with friends and family. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Demo] Sales Channels, Marketing, and Discounts in the Shopify Admin Explore how to expand your reach using sales channels, marketing campaigns, and discounts in the Shopify admin. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Demo] Finance and Analytics in the Shopify Admin Understand how to use financial data and analytics tools in the Shopify admin to inform your business decisions. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Article] Managing inventory in the Shopify Admin Whether you're receiving new stock, conducting an inventory audit, or holding inventory for an upcoming product launch, you can efficiently manage your inventory for all your locations from the Shopify admin. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Creating Variants in the Shopify Admin Add Variants and Collections using the Shopify Admin. FREE 6 auto-registration Article resource-article [Demo] Introduction to the Shopify Admin Take a guided tour of the Shopify admin to learn how to navigate the platform and its key features. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo Branding, Positioning, and Building an Effective Online Presence Learn to create a powerful brand identity that resonates with your audience by defining your mission, vision, and values while crafting unique value propositions and engaging storytelling. FREE 45 Marketing Influencer and Affiliate Marketing Explore the essentials of influencer and affiliate marketing to grow your business by identifying suitable influencers, building strong partnerships, and utilizing performance-based strategies. FREE 30 Marketing Digital Marketing Essentials Learn how to create effective digital marketing strategies that drive customer engagement, increase conversions, and build long-term loyalty through optimized content, email, and SMS campaigns. FREE 65 Marketing Seasonal and Event-Based Marketing Learn to create a holiday-specific marketing strategy that resonates with your audience by tailoring campaigns to each holiday's unique themes and understanding the psychological triggers of urgency and scarcity. FREE 30 Marketing Foundations of Unified Commerce Marketing Gain a foundational understanding of unified commerce by exploring its key components, sales channels, and performance metrics in this course. FREE 60 Marketing Social Media and Content Marketing Discover effective strategies for leveraging social media and content marketing to enhance your brand's presence and foster business growth through a well-structured content calendar. FREE 80 Marketing Introduction to Shopify’s Marketing Products This course will highlight specific tools, features, and strategies that a Partner can highlight to add value to a typical merchant’s marketing program. FREE 15 Partners Positioning Business Growth with Marketing Products This course will demonstrate how to introduce, position, and sell Shopify’s marketing products to merchants based on their needs and goals. FREE 30 Partners Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products learning path content. $149 Partners Marketing Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_2wvv8wae4o9tu link_retake_k359d5utnpzm Create a Diagram for an Employee Stipend Program Work from business case to completed technical diagram. FREE 60 Project resource-project Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 30 Exam Checkout AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_2uk4uqil5u2kr link_3ctdvbl8hy7de [Article] Adding Web Pixels Learn how web pixels track user behavior and explore the two types of pixels you can set up on Shopify. FREE auto-registration Article resource-article Customizing Business Logic with Shopify Functions Learn how Shopify Functions apply unique business processes to checkout. FREE 30 Checkout Platform Enhancing Checkout with UI Extensions Learn how UI extensions create unique shopping experiences in the checkout. FREE 25 Checkout Platform Extending Checkout with the Checkout Blocks App Learn how Checkout Blocks tailors your checkout experience. FREE 30 Checkout Platform Identifying Features that Customize Shopify Checkout Learn use cases and features of checkout customization technologies. FREE 45 Checkout Platform Customizing the Appearance of Shopify Checkout Learn how to visually design your checkout with the checkout and accounts editor and Checkout Branding API. FREE 25 Checkout Platform Mastering the Art of Positioning Shopify Checkout Learn how to promote Shopify Checkout to prospective brands FREE 40 Partners Checkout Exploring Checkout Extensibility for Advanced Customization Needs Learn how to position Checkout Extensibility features to merchant goals FREE 20 Partners Checkout Identifying Fit for Shopify Checkout Explore Shopify Checkout’s features and benefits to identify merchant fit FREE 15 Partners Checkout Identifying Fit for Shopify Checkout Explore Shopify Checkout’s features and benefits to identify merchant fit FREE 15 Partners Checkout Positioning the Value of Shopify Checkout Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Positioning the Value of Shopify Checkout learning path content. $149 Partners Exam Checkout AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_39te4dbsjvok5 link_retake_1wb8oh18zjtb9 Exploring Checkout Extensibility for Advanced Customization Needs Learn how to position Checkout Extensibility features to merchant goals FREE 20 Partners Checkout Mastering the Art of Positioning Shopify Checkout Learn how to promote Shopify Checkout to prospective brands FREE 40 Partners Checkout Analyzing the International Competitive Landscape Explore how to assess international competition when entering a new market. FREE 25 Shipping Products Internationally Explore how to select the right shipping strategies when fulfilling international orders. FREE 20 Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally learning path content. We recommend that you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 40 Internationalization Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Platform link_j36lh0waz6jf link_retake_19yzke6u1u8kd Researching Your International Target Market Learn how to identify market demand when selling to a new region. FREE 20 Developing Your International Go-to-Market Strategy Explore how to set goals and make a plan for international expansion. FREE 20 Getting Started with International Selling Dive into the fundamentals of international selling and discover global market opportunities. FREE 25 Pricing Your Products When Selling Cross-Border Discover how to manage pricing and payments when selling to international customers. FREE 15 Localization Strategies Learn how to make your brand feel like it belongs across borders. FREE 25 Integrating with Shopify In this course we’ll cover the fundamentals of backend development at Shopify with an emphasis on APIs and webhooks, GraphQL, and common surfaces for custom apps. FREE 120 Courses Developers Developing on Shopify This course will introduce you to the Shopify platform, explain how it’s different from other commerce platforms, and give you examples of what’s possible as a Shopify developer. FREE 60 Courses Developers Customizing Themes Learn the fundamentals of frontend development at Shopify with an emphasis on theme development. FREE 120 Courses Developers Exploring and Extending Shopify’s Data Model This course will introduce you to Shopify’s data model and custom data objects. FREE 90 Courses Developers Getting started with Liquid for Developers This course introduces you to Liquid for theme development work. FREE 45 Theme architecture with Liquid for Developers This course introduces you to Shopify’s standard theme architecture while diving deeper into the Liquid basics learned in the previous course. FREE 45 Liquid optimization for performance This course introduces you to various tools and techniques for optimizing Liquid themes for performance. FREE 30 Craft the POS Solution Learn to craft a solution that meets merchant needs and sets them up for continued success. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Pitch to Win for POS Learn how to identify retail opportunities and craft a winning pitch. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail POS for Partners Learn about partnering with Shopify to offer your clients retail solutions. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Product Positioning for POS Gain the product knowledge you need to position Shopify POS as a key part of a unified commerce approach. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Personalizing the B2B Buying Experience Learn how to create a personalized buying experience for wholesale customers. FREE 30 B2B Platform Onboarding B2B on Shopify Learn how to implement key B2B on Shopify features, including: companies, locations, catalogs, sales staff, and themes. FREE 30 B2B Platform Deciding on Your B2B Store Format Learn about the two B2B storefront formats available on Shopify, and how to choose the right setup for specific business needs. FREE 30 B2B Platform Pitch to Win for POS Learn how to identify retail opportunities and craft a winning pitch. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail POS for Partners Learn about partnering with Shopify to offer your clients retail solutions. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Craft the POS Solution Learn to craft a solution that meets merchant needs and sets them up for continued success. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Shopify POS Solution-Based Selling Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify POS Solution-Based Selling learning path content. $149 Point of Sale Exam AI_PROCTORED Retail Badge link_3d43bmkm9wtna link_retake_3uyed375zite6 Product Positioning for POS Gain the product knowledge you need to position Shopify POS as a key part of a unified commerce approach. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Building Custom POS Interfaces with UI Extensions Learn how to design and develop custom POS interfaces by engaging in comprehensive, hands-on practice with UI extensions. FREE 45 Retail Developers Customizing the POS Experience Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Customizing the POS Experience learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $249 45 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_16338ym2gy1hk link_retake_3ruuv73s0e5in Introduction to POS UI Extensions Learn how to take advantage of POS UI extensions by exploring practical applications, learning to navigate developer documentation, and gaining hands-on experience in creating innovative extensions. FREE 40 Retail Developers Solutioning with POS UI Extensions Learn how to develop tailored solutions using POS UI extensions to address specific business challenges. FREE 25 Retail Developers Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_1lj1h2xdccxq8 link_retake_1gywbv8e0jjhj Planning and Implementing a Custom Storefront Learn best practices for managing a client relationship through each phase of a custom storefront implementation on Shopify. FREE 60 Partners Developers Introduction to Headless Storefronts Solutions Explore custom storefront solutions available to Shopify merchants, including features and benefits of Hydrogen, Oxygen, and the Storefront API. FREE 70 Partners Developers Positioning International Selling with Shopify Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Positioning International Selling with Shopify learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 Internationalization Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_ykqkxk3v8qjz link_135c8e34grk7o, Introduction to International Selling with Shopify Explore the many features and benefits available to Shopify merchants with international selling tools and Managed Markets. FREE 30 Partners Positioning International Selling Tools & Managed Markets Learn how to address common merchant challenges and discover how Shopify helps merchants expand and grow across borders. FREE 60 Partners Hydrogen Best Practices Learn best practices to optimize a custom storefront FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Build a Custom Storefront with Hydrogen Discover how to build essential ecommerce storefront pages using Hydrogen and the Mock.shop API. FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Storefront API Customization Understand the purpose, structure, and capabilities of the Storefront API FREE 60 Storefronts Developers Introduction to custom storefronts for developers Learn about Shopify’s headless framework, tooling, and hosting options. FREE 45 Storefronts Developers Introduction to Shipping & Fulfillment with Shopify Get a comprehensive understanding of Shopify’s shipping and fulfillment tools. FREE 30 Positioning and Selling Shopify's Shipping and Fulfillment Solutions FREE 30 Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify Assessment This assessment tests your knowledge of Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify learning path content. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_24mfgvhcnsadr link_retake_2acexfml94vjk Positioning and Selling Shopify's Shipping and Fulfillment Solutions FREE 30 Introduction to Shipping & Fulfillment with Shopify Get a comprehensive understanding of Shopify’s shipping and fulfillment tools. FREE 30 Getting Started with International Selling Dive into the fundamentals of international selling and discover global market opportunities. FREE 25 Researching Your International Target Market Learn how to identify market demand when selling to a new region. FREE 20 Localization Strategies Learn how to make your brand feel like it belongs across borders. FREE 25 Developing Your International Go-to-Market Strategy Explore how to set goals and make a plan for international expansion. FREE 20 Pricing Your Products When Selling Cross-Border Discover how to manage pricing and payments when selling to international customers. FREE 15 Shipping Products Internationally Explore how to select the right shipping strategies when fulfilling international orders. FREE 20 Analyzing the International Competitive Landscape Explore how to assess international competition when entering a new market. FREE 25 Craft a Winning Shopify Value Pitch Learn how to deliver a tailored Shopify value pitch that drives sales momentum. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Positioning the Shopify Advantage Learn how to position Shopify as the preferred commerce platform for prospective merchants. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Sales Prospecting and Discovery Learn how to determine merchant fit, lead effective discovery, and prepare to handle some of the most common objections. FREE 60 Courses Partners Co-selling with Shopify Learn how to navigate the Shopify sales cycle and partner with key Shopify teams for successful co-selling. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Introduction to Headless Storefronts Solutions Explore custom storefront solutions available to Shopify merchants, including features and benefits of Hydrogen, Oxygen, and the Storefront API. FREE 70 Partners Developers Planning and Implementing a Custom Storefront Learn best practices for managing a client relationship through each phase of a custom storefront implementation on Shopify. FREE 60 Partners Developers Solution Planning Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Solution Planning Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_11pqlwtdfwb91 link_retake_e8vwkmw62uuu Analyzing a Business In this course, we’ll look at how to analyze a business when planning the implementation of new software or technology. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Visualizing Technical Solutions for Shopify In this course we’ll create visualizations of Shopify processes, tools, and component integrations with architecture diagrams. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Technical Implementation Planning In this course we’ll look at the technical considerations when planning implementation with Shopify. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform POS Operations Discover how to streamline your business operations and focus on business growth with Shopify POS. FREE 50 Retail Platform Training and Managing Staff for POS Enhance your skills in training and managing employees effectively with Shopify POS, focusing on onboarding, continuous improvement training, and using roles and permissions. FREE 20 Retail Platform POS Hardware and Payments Optimize the customer experience in your retail store through innovative hardware and payments solutions. FREE 60 Retail Platform Optimization and Growth with POS Explore advanced strategies to optimize operations and drive business growth with Shopify POS. FREE 60 Retail Platform POS Setup and Configuration Learn the foundational steps for selling in person with Shopify POS, including secure data migration, Shopify admin setup, app installation and configuration, and effective issue troubleshooting. FREE 35 Retail Platform CRO Analysis and Optimization Learn how to analyze your Shopify store using reports and create a CRO roadmap. Not currently available 45 CRO Implementation and Testing Learn how to apply testing methodologies to create data-driven improvements that will help increase your conversion rates. Not currently available 45 CRO Targeting and Personalization Learn how to improve conversion rates by personalizing the customer experience using techniques such as customized landing pages and targeted messaging. Not currently available 45 CRO Overview and Best Practices Learn how to apply CRO best practices and understand visitor intent to effectively drive conversions. Not currently available 35 Sales Prospecting and Discovery Learn how to determine merchant fit, lead effective discovery, and prepare to handle some of the most common objections. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Selling Shopify Fundamentals learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_110lb6naeh4c6 link_retake_2xqgu5l3nqb2r Positioning the Shopify Advantage Learn how to position Shopify as the preferred commerce platform for prospective merchants. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Craft a Winning Shopify Value Pitch Learn how to deliver a tailored Shopify value pitch that drives sales momentum. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Co-selling with Shopify Learn how to navigate the Shopify sales cycle and partner with key Shopify teams for successful co-selling. FREE 60 Courses Partners Selling Shopify Create a Diagram for an Employee Stipend Program Work from business case to completed technical diagram. FREE 60 Project resource-project Extending Checkout with the Checkout Blocks App Learn how Checkout Blocks tailors your checkout experience. FREE 30 Checkout Platform Identifying Features that Customize Shopify Checkout Learn use cases and features of checkout customization technologies. FREE 45 Checkout Platform Customizing Business Logic with Shopify Functions Learn how Shopify Functions apply unique business processes to checkout. FREE 30 Checkout Platform Enhancing Checkout with UI Extensions Learn how UI extensions create unique shopping experiences in the checkout. FREE 25 Checkout Platform Customizing the Appearance of Shopify Checkout Learn how to visually design your checkout with the checkout and accounts editor and Checkout Branding API. FREE 25 Checkout Platform [Article] Adding Web Pixels Learn how web pixels track user behavior and explore the two types of pixels you can set up on Shopify. FREE auto-registration Article resource-article Branding, Positioning, and Building an Effective Online Presence Learn to create a powerful brand identity that resonates with your audience by defining your mission, vision, and values while crafting unique value propositions and engaging storytelling. FREE 45 Marketing Creating a Digital Marketing Strategy Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that evaluates your understanding of the Creating a Digital Marketing Strategy learning path content. We recommend completing all courses within the learning path before attempting the assessment. $149 30 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_11gd3x24nro51 link_3fp1u528jklmt Influencer and Affiliate Marketing Explore the essentials of influencer and affiliate marketing to grow your business by identifying suitable influencers, building strong partnerships, and utilizing performance-based strategies. FREE 30 Marketing Social Media and Content Marketing Discover effective strategies for leveraging social media and content marketing to enhance your brand's presence and foster business growth through a well-structured content calendar. FREE 80 Marketing Digital Marketing Essentials Learn how to create effective digital marketing strategies that drive customer engagement, increase conversions, and build long-term loyalty through optimized content, email, and SMS campaigns. FREE 65 Marketing Foundations of Unified Commerce Marketing Gain a foundational understanding of unified commerce by exploring its key components, sales channels, and performance metrics in this course. FREE 60 Marketing Seasonal and Event-Based Marketing Learn to create a holiday-specific marketing strategy that resonates with your audience by tailoring campaigns to each holiday's unique themes and understanding the psychological triggers of urgency and scarcity. FREE 30 Marketing Using the Partner Dashboard Learn about the Partner Dashboard so you can effectively collaborate with merchants and Shopify. FREE 15 Partners Working with Merchants Be prepared to work with Shopify merchants of all types. FREE 30 Partners Introduction to Shopify Partner Program Identify opportunities to collaborate with merchants and Shopify to grow your business as a Partner. FREE 15 Partners Introduction to Shopify Learn about who Shopify is, our  mission, core features of the platform, and how we support businesses of all sizes to start and grow. FREE 20 Partners Platform Staying Engaged with Customers to Boost LTV Leverage Shopify's email solutions, marketing tools, and automations to maintain engagement, identify high-value customer segments, and enhance retargeting strategies to boost customer lifetime value and loyalty. FREE 20 Aligning Shopify Marketing Products to the Customer Life Cycle Explore how Shopify’s marketing products help you find new customers and grow your business FREE 45 Converting Site Visitors to First-Time Buyers Learn about some of the specific challenges associated with getting potential customers to convert to first-time buyers FREE 45 Marketing Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Marketing Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Marketing and Sales Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Platform link_retake_2umucr9qwot9d link_53dg9hhm7dkk Finding New Customers with Shopify Focus on how Shopify's marketing tools can simplify the complexity of finding new customers, building brand awareness, and targeting quality leads FREE 45 Visualizing Technical Solutions for Shopify In this course we’ll create visualizations of Shopify processes, tools, and component integrations with architecture diagrams. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Analyzing a Business In this course, we’ll look at how to analyze a business when planning the implementation of new software or technology. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Technical Implementation Planning In this course we’ll look at the technical considerations when planning implementation with Shopify. FREE 60 Courses Partners Platform Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Liquid Storefronts for Theme Developers learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $249 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_1ynyb512uxjel link_2e168rgrscqfq [Article] Why Automation Is Essential for Ecommerce Discover how the power of automation in ecommerce could help you overcome scaling challenges. FREE 8 auto-registration Article resource-article The Anatomy of a Shopify Flow Workflow Unlock the power of automation! Learn the core components of Shopify Flow workflows – triggers, conditions, and actions – and build automations to streamline your ecommerce operations. FREE 30 Courses Shopify Flow Building a Workflow with Shopify Flow This practical, framework-driven course empowers you to automate your ecommerce tasks and build your first Shopify Flow workflow. FREE 45 Courses Shopify Flow Positioning Business Growth with Marketing Products This course will demonstrate how to introduce, position, and sell Shopify’s marketing products to merchants based on their needs and goals. FREE 30 Partners Introduction to Shopify’s Marketing Products This course will highlight specific tools, features, and strategies that a Partner can highlight to add value to a typical merchant’s marketing program. FREE 15 Partners Positioning International Selling Tools & Managed Markets Learn how to address common merchant challenges and discover how Shopify helps merchants expand and grow across borders. FREE 60 Partners Introduction to International Selling with Shopify Explore the many features and benefits available to Shopify merchants with international selling tools and Managed Markets. FREE 30 Partners Build Black with Shopify Pathway FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Trial, Shopify Admin, Tasks How to set up a trial at Shopify, Navigating the Shopify Admin, and Beginning Build a store (BAS) tasks. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Products & Collections Learn all about products & collections FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Themes Learn how to add and edit your theme in Shopify FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Adding Pages, Policy Pages, Menus & Navigation Learn about adding and editing your pages, policy pages and menu's. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Shipping Learn about setting up shipping and an introduction to Shopify Shipping. FREE no-search 1mbb BAS - Pricing, Payments and Security Learn about Shopify's Pricing, Payments and Security features. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 101 Learn about Shopify's Marketing Tools and Apps. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 102 Learn about Shopify Apps, Sales Channels, and Reports. FREE no-search 1mbb Marketing and Apps 103 Learn about Search Engine Optimization and Blogs FREE no-search 1mbb Why Shopify 101: Point of Sale & Mobile Responsiveness An introduction to Point of Sale and Mobile Responsiveness FREE Why Shopify 102: Introduction to Financial Services An Introduction to Shopify's Financial Services - Capital, Credit and Balance. FREE Shopify Support & Continued Learning Learn how to get in touch with Shopify Support and further your learning FREE no-search 1mbb Shopify POS Launch and Operations Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify POS Launch and Operations learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_2rho7ug6w4tcx Platform link_retake_1l6tj7uyz9sm9 Finding New Customers with Shopify Focus on how Shopify's marketing tools can simplify the complexity of finding new customers, building brand awareness, and targeting quality leads FREE 45 Converting Site Visitors to First-Time Buyers Learn about some of the specific challenges associated with getting potential customers to convert to first-time buyers FREE 45 Staying Engaged with Customers to Boost LTV Leverage Shopify's email solutions, marketing tools, and automations to maintain engagement, identify high-value customer segments, and enhance retargeting strategies to boost customer lifetime value and loyalty. FREE 20 Aligning Shopify Marketing Products to the Customer Life Cycle Explore how Shopify’s marketing products help you find new customers and grow your business FREE 45 B2B on Shopify: Launch and Customization Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the B2B on Shopify Launch and Customization learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 40 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_3bz4ngp3wle03 link_1hidk5expxuyq Headless at Shopify for Developers Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Headless at Shopify for Developers learning path content. $249 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_1nlhtr0c9ljp2 link_retake_notnzevs9vw1 Integrating with Shopify In this course we’ll cover the fundamentals of backend development at Shopify with an emphasis on APIs and webhooks, GraphQL, and common surfaces for custom apps. FREE 120 Courses Developers Developing on Shopify This course will introduce you to the Shopify platform, explain how it’s different from other commerce platforms, and give you examples of what’s possible as a Shopify developer. FREE 60 Courses Developers Exploring and Extending Shopify’s Data Model This course will introduce you to Shopify’s data model and custom data objects. FREE 90 Courses Developers Shopify Development Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify Development Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Developers link_22q6s891qbbbc link_retake_3uqlui80igptv [Demo] Managing Products in the Shopify Admin Learn how to manage products, collections, and inventory in the Shopify admin, including product variants and metaobjects. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Demo] Customers and orders in the Shopify Admin Discover how to manage customers, orders, and segments in the Shopify admin to improve sales. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Article] Setting up Sales Channels for Social Media in the Shopify Admin Learn how to reach more customers by adding social media sales channels to your store. FREE 4 auto-registration resource-article [Article] Creating a Draft Order in the Shopify Admin Discover how to create and manage draft orders and send invoices to customers. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Setting up Role Based Access Controls in the Shopify Admin Discover how to manage user permissions using role-based access controls in the Shopify admin. FREE 4 auto-registration Article resource-article [Article] Creating Metaobjects and Metafields in the Shopify Admin Learn to create metaobjects and use metafields to customize product information in your Shopify store. FREE 5 auto-registration Article resource-article [Demo] Sales Channels, Marketing, and Discounts in the Shopify Admin Explore how to expand your reach using sales channels, marketing campaigns, and discounts in the Shopify admin. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Demo] Finance and Analytics in the Shopify Admin Understand how to use financial data and analytics tools in the Shopify admin to inform your business decisions. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo [Demo] Introduction to the Shopify Admin Take a guided tour of the Shopify admin to learn how to navigate the platform and its key features. FREE 5 auto-registration resource-demo Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Selling and Positioning Shopify Marketing Products learning path content. $149 Partners Marketing Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_2wvv8wae4o9tu link_retake_k359d5utnpzm Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Creating Solutions for Shopify Checkout learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 30 Exam Checkout AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_2uk4uqil5u2kr link_3ctdvbl8hy7de [Article] Adding Web Pixels Learn how web pixels track user behavior and explore the two types of pixels you can set up on Shopify. FREE auto-registration Article resource-article Positioning the Value of Shopify Checkout Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Positioning the Value of Shopify Checkout learning path content. $149 Partners Exam Checkout AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_39te4dbsjvok5 link_retake_1wb8oh18zjtb9 Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Expanding Your Shopify Business Internationally learning path content. We recommend that you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 40 Internationalization Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Platform link_j36lh0waz6jf link_retake_19yzke6u1u8kd Craft the POS Solution Learn to craft a solution that meets merchant needs and sets them up for continued success. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Pitch to Win for POS Learn how to identify retail opportunities and craft a winning pitch. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail POS for Partners Learn about partnering with Shopify to offer your clients retail solutions. FREE 30 Courses Partners Retail Shopify POS Solution-Based Selling Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Shopify POS Solution-Based Selling learning path content. $149 Point of Sale Exam AI_PROCTORED Retail Badge link_3d43bmkm9wtna link_retake_3uyed375zite6 Customizing the POS Experience Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Customizing the POS Experience learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $249 45 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_16338ym2gy1hk link_retake_3ruuv73s0e5in Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Headless at Shopify for Business Consultants learning path content. $149 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_1lj1h2xdccxq8 link_retake_1gywbv8e0jjhj Positioning International Selling with Shopify Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Positioning International Selling with Shopify learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 Internationalization Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_ykqkxk3v8qjz link_135c8e34grk7o, Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify Assessment This assessment tests your knowledge of Selling and Positioning Shipping Solutions on Shopify learning path content. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Selling Shopify link_24mfgvhcnsadr link_retake_2acexfml94vjk Sales Prospecting and Discovery Learn how to determine merchant fit, lead effective discovery, and prepare to handle some of the most common objections. FREE 60 Courses Partners Solution Planning Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Solution Planning Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_11pqlwtdfwb91 link_retake_e8vwkmw62uuu CRO Analysis and Optimization Learn how to analyze your Shopify store using reports and create a CRO roadmap. Not currently available 45 CRO Implementation and Testing Learn how to apply testing methodologies to create data-driven improvements that will help increase your conversion rates. Not currently available 45 CRO Targeting and Personalization Learn how to improve conversion rates by personalizing the customer experience using techniques such as customized landing pages and targeted messaging. Not currently available 45 CRO Overview and Best Practices Learn how to apply CRO best practices and understand visitor intent to effectively drive conversions. Not currently available 35 Selling Shopify Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Selling Shopify Fundamentals learning path content. We recommend you complete all the courses in the learning path prior to attempting the assessment. $149 Partners Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_110lb6naeh4c6 link_retake_2xqgu5l3nqb2r Creating a Digital Marketing Strategy Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that evaluates your understanding of the Creating a Digital Marketing Strategy learning path content. We recommend completing all courses within the learning path before attempting the assessment. $149 30 Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge link_retake_11gd3x24nro51 link_3fp1u528jklmt Marketing Fundamentals Assessment To earn this badge, pass a proctored assessment that tests your knowledge of the Marketing Fundamentals learning path content. $149 Marketing and Sales Exam AI_PROCTORED Badge Platform link_retake_2umucr9qwot9d link_53dg9hhm7dkk Part of: © 2025 powered by

