Dropbox.com Skip to main content Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Log in Get started Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app English (United States) Get started Get to work, with a lot less work Dropbox delivers tools that help you move your work forward faster, keep it safe, and let you collaborate with ease. Sign up free No credit card required. Find your plan With Dropbox you can edit and sign your documents, collaborate on projects, search across all your apps, and it happens in the same place you securely store all your content. It’s that simple :) Content collaboration Work with anyone, from anywhere, on any device Dropbox delivers flexible sharing, smart organization, and seamless collaboration—even for those without an account—so you and your team can get it done, and done right. Get started free Learn more Document analytics Instant, actionable insights With Dropbox DocSend, page-by-page analytics and permission controls track file use in real-time, so you can see when clients, contractors, or collaborators have viewed your content. Get started free Learn more Faster Feedback Reduce the chaos Dropbox Replay reduces ‌feedback back-and-forth. Collect video, image, and audio feedback all in one place, so you can get to final delivery in no time. Get started free Learn more Security never comes second From industry-leading encryption and tamper-proof documents to version history and recovery, Dropbox keeps your intellectual property safe and never sells or shares your data. Get started free Learn more Testimonial “The security of knowing our information is safe.” Customer Bryan Chandler reveals how his team uses Dropbox to organize and share files securely. Watch testimonial Testimonial “Seriously impressive security features” Tech influencer Justin Tse discusses why he trusts Dropbox to keep his content safe. Watch testimonial Webinar “How do you enhance security and keep productivity reasonable?” Your company’s sharing content with collaborators all over the world. Are you in control? Watch webinar Trusted by the biggest companies in the world Dropbox empowers across industries Construction With Dropbox for teams, you can store, access, preview, edit and transfer CAD, BIM, PDF and visual content files from anywhere. Learn more Media Create a flexible media workspace that connects your teams, content, and tools together. Learn more Technology Product ideation to development, streamline technology workflows so you can focus on turning great ideas into products people love. Learn more Professional services Make clients happier with easy collaboration, boosted productivity, and one organized place to get things done. Learn more Manufacturing Design and engineering teams easily collaborate, managing complex reviews and sharing large files seamlessly. Learn more Education Power student learning, faculty research, and staff operations on Dropbox Education’s secure cloud collaboration platform. Learn more Discover, learn, thrive with Dropbox Article Study: Here’s how many hours we lose to distraction—and how to get our focus back For our study, Economist Impact included knowledge workers globally—and found that, no matter where people work, there’s a significant cost to lost focus around the world. Read article Article Dropbox teams up with McLaren Racing as an Official Technology Partner of McLaren Formula 1 Team Dropbox brings simplified sharing, collaboration, and organization to the McLaren Formula 1 Team. Read article Article The best way to share photos with family and friends Don’t lose precious photos. Save them and share them with loved ones—for free. Here’s an easy-to-follow guide to sharing and storing photos with Dropbox. Read article View more resources Dropbox Desktop app Mobile app Integrations Features Solutions Security Early access Templates Free tools Products Plus Professional Business Enterprise Dash Reclaim.ai Dropbox Sign DocSend Plans Product updates Features Send large files Send long videos Cloud photo storage Secure file transfer Password manager Cloud backup Edit PDFs Electronic signatures Convert to PDF Support Help center Contact us Privacy & terms Cookie policy Cookies & CCPA preferences AI principles Sitemap Learning resources Resources Blog Customer stories Resources library Developers Community forums Referrals Reseller partners Integration partners Find a partner Company About us Jobs Investor relations Our impact

Dropbox Security for Your Files and Data - Dropbox Skip to main content Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Log in Get started Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Language Get started Features Share File sharing Send large files Folder sharing Link sharing Password protection File permissions File and folder organization File transfer Send long videos Digital watermarking Sync File syncing Work remotely and offline Save disk space Transfer photos Storage Cloud storage File backup File recovery and history Remote wipe Photo storage Cloud security Document storage Computer backup How much is 1 TB File converter Security Security & compliance End-to-end Encryption (E2EE) Collaborate Content collaboration Annotate PDFs and files Task management Video feedback tool Online video editor Video watermarking Video collaboration Productivity Productivity apps PDF editor Document scanner Online OCR App extensions Electronic signatures Embedded signature PDF converter Free online tools Share File sharing Send large files Folder sharing Link sharing Password protection File permissions File and folder organization File transfer Send long videos Digital watermarking Sync File syncing Work remotely and offline Save disk space Transfer photos Storage Cloud storage File backup File recovery and history Remote wipe Photo storage Cloud security Document storage Computer backup How much is 1 TB File converter Security Security & compliance End-to-end Encryption (E2EE) Collaborate Content collaboration Annotate PDFs and files Task management Video feedback tool Online video editor Video watermarking Video collaboration Productivity Productivity apps PDF editor Document scanner Online OCR App extensions Electronic signatures Embedded signature PDF converter Free online tools At Dropbox, security is our highest priority We protect data and keep your work life and your home life organized. Security was built into our design. Whether you’re working solo, storing personal files, or a small team in need of a secure workflow you can rely on, see why millions of people trust us with what matters most. Compare plans How Dropbox keeps your files and data secure Account security Two-factor authentication, user and device management, and a zero-knowledge password manager keeps your account secure from unknown login attempts. File protection and encryption Secure 256-bit AES and SSL/TLS encryption technology keeps your files safe from harm during data transfer. File sharing and permissions Advanced sharing controls like password protection, expiration dates, and easy revocation of files and folders help ensure that only the right people have access. File and folder recovery Don’t live in fear of file loss. Easily recover files, folders, and older versions of content—with multiple ways to restore your data. Data breach security We keep our systems safe from bad actors, with vulnerability testing, dark web monitoring, and enterprise detection and response capabilities. Compliance Dropbox meets global regulatory standards for many of your data handling and file storage needs, including GDPR compliance and support for HIPAA compliance for teams. Account security Keep your account secure Dropbox account security features help to protect your account from being accessed without your knowledge and approval. Two-factor authentication —require a six-digit security code or key in addition to a password to access your account. Device approval and management —get notified of logins from new devices, and remotely wipe Dropbox data from any device used to access your account. Dropbox Passwords —a zero-knowledge password manager to store, sync, and autofill your login details to seamlessly sign in to websites and apps. No one has access but you, not even Dropbox. Compare plans File protection and encryption Give your files the best protection possible Protecting files at rest —256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), the strongest method of AES encryption available, makes the files in your cloud storage virtually-impossible to crack. It would take billions of years to break into a file protected in this way using current technology and so-called “brute force” methods. Protecting files in transit —Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) are used to protect data as it transfers between Dropbox apps and our servers. File sharing and permissions Know who has access and revoke quickly and easily Share in confidence. Dropbox provides multiple ways to share and monitor access to your files and folders: Share folders, links and files —no matter what you’re working on, or who you’re working with, securely share folders, links, and files from your cloud storage. File locking —lock files while editing to prevent unwanted edits from collaborators and avoid conflicting copies. File permissions —granular file permissions give you the power to control who can access individual folders and files, and the level of access permissions they have for each. Password-protected files and folders —password protect files and folders, to add an extra layer of security. External content reporting dashboard —view all files and folders shared outside of your team in a centralized dashboard. Require a password and expiration date for externally-shared links, and easily revoke access when necessary. File and folder recovery An additional safety net for your files and folders Give yourself peace of mind, reassured that your files are safe from accidental deletion, unwanted edits, or damage to your devices. Version history —roll files back to earlier versions without needing to create additional copies. File recovery —restore deleted files back into your cloud storage. Dropbox Rewind —recover from accidents or ransomware by reversing all changes to your content at the folder or account level. Dropbox Backup —automatically Backup computers—and connected external drives—directly to the cloud. Should anything ever go wrong, it’s quick to recover your content to any device. Compare plans Data breach security Always-on protection for your account and data The threat of data breaches and large-scale attacks requires constant vigilance. Our systems continuously monitor for and automatically react to signs of exposed account data. Vulnerability testing —Dropbox applications and infrastructure are regularly tested for security vulnerabilities, and hardened to enhance security and protect against attacks. Dark web monitoring —we continuously monitor the dark web for signs of data breaches, with automated systems to notify you if your information has been compromised. Ransomware detection —always-on monitoring quickly alerts you to potential attacks, and Dropbox helps recover your content without paying a ransom. Breach alerts and notifications —get immediately alerted to suspicious behavior like ransomware attacks, mass file deletion, excessive login attempts, and login attempts from unfamiliar or suspicious locations. Compliance Compliance for your files and data Save yourself the admin headache ahead of an audit and ensure all of your files are compliant from day one. GDPR compliant —GDPR compliance and requirements are a top Dropbox priority. In line with our commitment to the protection of our users’ data, we work hard to ensure that Dropbox and its services are GDPR compliant . Support for HIPAA compliance —we’re committed to helping customers subject to HIPAA/HITECH regulations safeguard protected health information (PHI). SOC 1, 2, and 3 compliance reports —when you have high volumes of sensitive data in the cloud, you require superior security, privacy, and compliance controls— and regular reports on their effectiveness. Data classification —stay compliant with privacy and security policies. Automatically track and report on sensitive or confidential information in your cloud storage. Data Governance Add-On —secure and control your corporate data so you can meet your regulatory and compliance needs, while also reducing the risk and costs of not meeting them. White paper Security practices white paper Learn more about our approach to security in our security practices white paper. Read the white paper “Being with a partner like Dropbox—that understands the value of security, has systems in place that ensure we can share and work with our clients securely—is really valuable for us.” Bryan Chandler SVP and Managing Director of Innovation and Technology, TSCG Frequently asked questions Is Dropbox secure? Yes. Whether you have a personal Dropbox account, work in a team using Dropbox to collaborate, or oversee an enterprise-level solution as an IT admin—the security of your data is our highest priority. Read our 2023 security white paper to learn how we keep your files safe. What security features does Dropbox have? To keep your data protected, Dropbox uses the following measures: Files are encrypted using the 256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), the strongest method of AES encryption available. By requiring 256 key combinations, AES would take billions of years to crack with current technology, making it virtually impenetrable by hackers using so-called “brute-force” methods. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) are used to protect data as it transfers between Dropbox apps and our servers. Our systems undergo regular testing for security vulnerabilities, allowing us to continuously enhance our security against ever-evolving tactics used by hackers. Two-step verifications allows users to keep their accounts secure from login attempts, with the ability to verify by text or with an authenticator app. Read our 2023 security white paper to learn more about how Dropbox security features work. Where is my data stored? Files added to a Dropbox cloud storage account are synced to our secure online servers, located in data centers across the United States. Additional storage servers are available in Australia, the European Union, Japan, and the United Kingdom for eligible users of Dropbox team plans. Read our 2023 security white paper to learn more about where Dropbox data is stored. What is data residency? Data residency refers to the physical location in which an organization’s data is stored. Some organizations may require data residency in specific locations, in order to comply with laws and regulations that affect them. If your team’s data is stored in the United States but your team’s billing address is elsewhere, for example, you may be able to migrate your file data to a server closer to your team’s billing address. Who can see files and data in my Dropbox account? Your Dropbox account, along with any files and data stored within it, is private. The only people that will be able to view files stored in your Dropbox account are yourself and anyone you have purposefully chosen to share the file or folder with. Like most major online services, Dropbox personnel will, on rare occasions, need to access users’ file content. Learn more about who can see the files and data in your Dropbox account. Read our 2023 security white paper to learn more about Dropbox file access. Stay protected with Dropbox Find a plan to get started Dropbox Desktop app Mobile app Integrations Features Solutions Security Early access Templates Free tools Products Plus Professional Business Enterprise Dash Reclaim.ai Dropbox Sign DocSend Plans Product updates Features Send large files Send long videos Cloud photo storage Secure file transfer Password manager Cloud backup Edit PDFs Electronic signatures Convert to PDF Support Help center Contact us Privacy & terms Cookie policy Cookies & CCPA preferences AI principles Sitemap Learning resources Resources Blog Customer stories Resources library Developers Community forums Referrals Reseller partners Integration partners Find a partner Company About us Jobs Investor relations Our impact

Terms of Service - Dropbox Skip to main content Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Log in Get started Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Language Get started Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Business Agreement DMCA Policy Acceptable Use Open Source Terms of Service Privacy Policy Business Agreement DMCA Policy Acceptable Use Open Source For users with a separate DocSend or Dropbox Sign account, the DocSend Terms of Service can be found here , and the Dropbox Sign Terms of Service can be found here . Dropbox Terms of Service Posted: January 7, 2025 Effective: January 7, 2025 You can see your previous Terms here . Thanks for using Dropbox! Our mission is to create a more enlightened way of working, and help you and those you work with stay coordinated. We do so by providing an intuitive, unified platform and suite of apps and services that keep your content safe, accessible and in sync. These terms of service (“ Terms ”) cover your use and access to our services, client software and websites (" Services "). If you reside outside of the United States of America, Canada and Mexico (“ North America ”) your agreement is with Dropbox International Unlimited Company. If you reside in North America your agreement is with Dropbox, Inc. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your information while our Acceptable Use Policy outlines your responsibilities when using our Services. If you are a member of a paid multi-user team (or a trial of a paid multi-user team) where an admin has control of your account ("Dropbox Team"), your team will also be bound to the Dropbox Services Agreement or another agreement between Dropbox and your team, and you will continue to remain subject to these Terms. By using our Services, you’re agreeing to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy Policy , and Acceptable Use Policy . Your Stuff & Your Permissions When you use our Services, you provide us with things like your files, content, messages, contacts, connected services, and so on (“ Your Stuff ”). Your Stuff is yours. These Terms don’t give us any rights to Your Stuff except for the limited rights that enable us to offer the Services. You may need to register for an account to access the Services, and we may create an account for you so that you can interact with the Services. Our Services include a suite of apps and websites. To help you stay productive, when you use the same account to access different parts of the suite, Your Stuff may come with you. We need your permission to do things like hosting Your Stuff, backing it up, and sharing it when you ask us to. Our Services also provide you with features like commenting, sharing, searching, image thumbnails, document previews, optical character recognition (OCR), easy sorting and organization, and personalization to help reduce busywork. To provide these and other features, Dropbox accesses, stores, and scans Your Stuff. You give us permission to do those things, and this permission extends to our affiliates and trusted third parties we work with. Your Responsibilities Your use of our Services must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy . Content in the Services may be protected by others’ intellectual property rights. Please don’t copy, upload, download, or share content unless you have the right to do so. Dropbox may review your conduct and content for compliance with these Terms and our Acceptable Use Policy . We aren’t responsible for the content people post and share via the Services. Help us keep Your Stuff protected. Safeguard your password to the Services, and keep your account information current. Don’t share your account credentials or give others access to your account. You may use our Services only as permitted by applicable law, including export control laws and regulations. Finally, to use our Services, you must be at least 13 if you reside in the United States, and 16 if you reside anywhere else. If the law where you reside requires that you must be older in order for Dropbox to lawfully provide the Services to you without parental consent (including use of your personal data), then you must be that older age. Software Some of our Services allow you to download client software (“ Software ”) which may update automatically. So long as you comply with these Terms, we give you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software, solely to access the Services. To the extent any component of the Software may be offered under an open source license, we’ll make that license available to you and the provisions of that license may expressly override some of these Terms. Unless the following restrictions are prohibited by law, you agree not to reverse engineer or decompile the Services, attempt to do so, or assist anyone in doing so. Beta Services We sometimes release products and features that we’re still testing and evaluating (“ Beta Services ”). Beta Services are labeled “alpha,” “beta,” “preview,” “early access,” or “evaluation” (or with words or phrases with similar meanings) and may not be as reliable as Dropbox’s other services. Beta Services are made available so that we can collect user feedback, and by using our Beta Services, you agree that we may contact you to collect such feedback. Beta Services are confidential until official launch. If you use any Beta Services, you agree not to disclose any information about those Services to anyone else without our permission. Electronic Signatures By using a part of the Services that facilitates electronic signatures, you agree to do business electronically and to use electronic records and signatures. There may be laws where you reside governing what types of documents and transactions are appropriate for such signatures. It’s your responsibility to ensure that the electronic signature functionality provided by the Services is appropriate for your scenario. Templates and Forms The Services may include sample templates and forms (“Templates”). Templates are for informational purposes only. We are not attorneys or a law firm, and our Templates are not a substitute for the advice or services of an attorney. You acknowledge that Dropbox is not providing you with legal advice or acting as your attorney or agent, and you assume full responsibility for any outcomes or costs associated with your use of our Templates. Dropbox does not claim that documents based on the Templates are complete and suitable for use in all situations and jurisdictions. You should consult with an attorney about your specific situation before relying on the Templates for any contract, agreement or transaction. You hereby acknowledge that Dropbox is not a party to any agreement that you enter into as a result of the use of any document that you create or use through the Services. Use of the Services and any document (including any document based on the Templates) does not constitute an attorney-client relationship, joint venture or partnership between Dropbox and any user or third party. Communications between you and Dropbox are governed by these Terms and our Privacy Policy but are not protected by the attorney-client privilege or as work product. We hope you’re satisfied with the Templates. If you have any concerns, please click here for more information and instructions on how to contact us. The disclaimers of warranties and limitations of liability below do not apply to consumers in North Carolina when using the Templates. Fax Services If you use a part of the Services that facilitates faxing, you may be required to provide information such as your name, billing address, physical address, payment information (including credit card number), and national ID number (where applicable). Failure to provide this information could result in suspension of your access. You may not use our Services to send unsolicited fax advertisements or spam, and we may decide to not deliver any messages we consider unsolicited fax advertisements or spam. We cannot guarantee that any particular fax number will be available for you to use. If you stop using our fax services, your number may be released or reassigned to another customer. In the US, UK, and Canada, we may support porting a fax number (both in and out) for an additional fee. Additional Features From time to time, Dropbox will add additional features to enhance the user experience of our storage service at no additional charge. However, these free features may be withdrawn without further notice. Third-Party Features The Services may give you the option to link to third-party features and integrations. Dropbox does not own or operate any such features or integrations. If you access or use any third-party features or integrations, you are responsible for this access and use, and Dropbox is not responsible for any act or omission of the third party or the availability, accuracy, the related content, products or services of third parties. Our Stuff The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other US and foreign laws. These Terms don’t grant you any right, title, or interest in the Services, others’ content in the Services, Dropbox trademarks, logos and other brand features. We welcome feedback, but note that we may use comments or suggestions without any obligation to you. Copyright We respect the intellectual property of others and ask that you do too. We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law, and such notices should be reported using our Copyright Policy . We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and terminate accounts of repeat infringers. Copyright infringement claims should be submitted using our Copyright Complaint Form or submitted to our designated agent for our Services at: Copyright Agent Dropbox, Inc. 1800 Owens St San Francisco, CA 94158 copyright@dropbox.com Paid Accounts Billing. You can increase your storage space and add paid features to your account (turning your account into a “Paid Account”). We’ll automatically bill you from the date you convert to a Paid Account and on each periodic renewal until cancellation. If you’re on an annual plan, we’ll send you a notice email reminding you that your plan is about to renew within a reasonable period of time prior to the renewal date. You’re responsible for all applicable taxes, and we’ll charge tax when required to do so. Some countries have mandatory local laws regarding your cancellation rights, and this paragraph doesn’t override these laws. Cancellation. You may cancel your Paid Account at any time. Refunds are only issued if required by law . For example, users living in the European Union have the right to cancel their Paid Account subscriptions and obtain a refund within 14 days of signing up for, upgrading to, or renewing a Paid Account by clicking here . Downgrades. Your Paid Account will remain in effect until it's cancelled or terminated under these Terms. If you’re on a Dropbox Family plan, the Family manager may be able to downgrade your account at any time. If you don’t pay for your Paid Account on time, we reserve the right to suspend it or remove Paid Account features. Changes. We may change the fees in effect on renewal of your subscription, to reflect factors such as changes to our product offerings, changes to our business, or changes in economic conditions. We’ll give you no less than 30 days’ advance notice of these changes via a message to the email address associated with your account and you’ll have the opportunity to cancel your subscription before the new fee comes into effect. Dropbox Teams Email address. If you sign up for a Dropbox account with an email address provisioned by your organization, your organization may be able to block your use of Dropbox until you transition to an account on a Dropbox Team or you associate your Dropbox account with a personal email address. Using Dropbox Teams. If you join a Dropbox Team, you must use it in compliance with your organization’s terms and policies. Please note that Dropbox Team accounts are subject to your organization's control. Your administrators may be able to access, disclose, restrict, or remove information in or from your Dropbox Team account. They may also be able to restrict or terminate your access to a Dropbox Team account. If you convert an existing Dropbox account into part of a Dropbox Team, your administrators may prevent you from later disassociating your account from the Dropbox Team. Termination You’re free to stop using our Services at any time. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the Services with notice to you if Dropbox reasonably believes: you’re in breach of these Terms, your use of the Services would cause a real risk of harm or loss to us or other users, or you don’t have a Paid Account and haven't accessed our Services for 12 consecutive months. We’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice via the email address associated with your account to remedy the activity that prompted us to contact you and give you the opportunity to export Your Stuff from our Services. If after such notice you fail to take the steps we ask of you, we’ll terminate or suspend your access to the Services. We won’t provide notice or an opportunity to export Your Stuff before termination or suspension of access to the Services where Dropbox reasonably believes: you’re in material breach of these Terms, which includes, but is not limited to, violating our Acceptable Use Policy , doing so would cause us legal liability or compromise our ability to provide the Services to our other users, or we're prohibited from doing so by law. Once we suspend or terminate your access to the Services, you will not be able to access or export Your Stuff. Dropbox does not provide refunds if we suspend or terminate your access to the Services, unless required by law. Discontinuation of Services We may decide to discontinue the Services in response to exceptional unforeseen circumstances, events beyond Dropbox’s control (for example a natural disaster, fire, or explosion), or to comply with a legal requirement. If we do so, we’ll give you reasonable prior notice so that you can export Your Stuff from our systems (we will give you no less than 30 days’ notice where possible under the circumstances). If we discontinue the Services in this way before the end of any fixed or minimum term you have paid us for, we’ll refund the portion of the fees you have pre-paid but haven't received Services for. Services “AS IS” We strive to provide great Services, but there are certain things that we can't guarantee. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE ALSO DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some places don’t allow the disclaimers in this paragraph, so they may not apply to you. For example, these disclaimers do not override the legal protections, including statutory warranties, granted to consumers by EU law. Limitation of Liability WE DON’T EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WHERE IT WOULD BE ILLEGAL TO DO SO—THIS INCLUDES ANY LIABILITY FOR DROPBOX’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES. IN COUNTRIES WHERE THE FOLLOWING TYPES OF EXCLUSIONS AREN’T ALLOWED, WE'RE RESPONSIBLE TO YOU ONLY FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES THAT ARE A REASONABLY FORESEEABLE RESULT OF OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL OR OUR BREACH OF OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU. THIS PARAGRAPH DOESN’T AFFECT CONSUMER RIGHTS THAT CAN'T BE WAIVED OR LIMITED BY ANY CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE AN EU OR UK CONSUMER, THESE TERMS DO NOT EXCLUDE DROPBOX’S LIABILITY FOR LOSSES AND DAMAGES THAT ARE A RESULT OF OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL IN PROVIDING THE SERVICES OR OF OUR BREACH OF OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU, AS LONG AS THOSE LOSSES AND DAMAGES ARE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE. IN COUNTRIES WHERE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE ALLOWED, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WON’T BE LIABLE FOR: ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY. THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT DROPBOX OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOU USE THE SERVICES FOR ANY COMMERCIAL, BUSINESS, OR RE-SALE PURPOSE, DROPBOX, ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY. DROPBOX AND ITS AFFILIATES AREN’T RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE SERVICES. OTHER THAN FOR THE TYPES OF LIABILITY WE CANNOT LIMIT BY LAW (AS DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION), WE LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU TO THE GREATER OF $20 USD OR 100% OF ANY AMOUNT YOU'VE PAID UNDER YOUR CURRENT SERVICE PLAN WITH DROPBOX. THIS PROVISION DOES NOT APPLY TO EU CONSUMERS WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW . Resolving Disputes Let’s Try to Sort Things Out First. We want to address your concerns without needing a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against Dropbox, you agree to try to resolve the dispute informally by sending us a written Notice of Dispute at dispute-notice@dropbox.com that includes your name, a detailed description of the dispute, and the relief you seek. We’ll try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email. If a dispute is not resolved within 60 days after submission, you or Dropbox may bring a formal proceeding. If you reside in the EU, the European Commission provides for an online dispute resolution platform, which you can access here: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr . Judicial Forum for Disputes. You and Dropbox agree that any judicial proceeding to resolve claims relating to these Terms or the Services will be brought in the federal or state courts of San Francisco County, California, subject to the mandatory arbitration provisions below. Both you and Dropbox consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in such courts. If you reside in a country (for example, a member state of the European Union) with laws that give consumers the right to bring disputes in their local courts, this paragraph doesn’t affect those requirements. The venue and exclusive jurisdiction provision above does not apply to North Carolina consumers with respect to claims relating to or arising out of use of the Templates. IF YOU’RE A U.S. RESIDENT, YOU ALSO AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISIONS: We Both Agree to Arbitrate. You and Dropbox agree to resolve any claims relating to or arising out of these Terms or the Services through final and binding individual arbitration by a single arbitrator, except as set forth under the “Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate” below. This includes disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation or application of this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section, including its scope, enforceability, revocability, or validity. The arbitrator may award relief only individually and only to the extent necessary to redress your individual claim(s); the arbitrator may not award relief on behalf of others or the general public. Opt out of Agreement to Arbitrate. You can decline this agreement to arbitrate by clicking here and submitting the opt-out form within 30 days of first registering your account or agreeing to these Terms. However, if you agreed to a previous version of these Terms that allowed you to opt out of arbitration, your previous choice to opt out or not opt out remains binding. Arbitration Procedures. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will administer the arbitration under its Consumer Arbitration Rules. The AAA’s rules and filing instructions are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. The arbitration will be held in the United States county where you live or work, San Francisco (CA), or any other location we agree to. For North Carolina consumers, for claims relating to or arising out of use of the Templates, the arbitration will be held in North Carolina or any other location we agree to. Arbitration Fees and Incentives. The AAA rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. For individual arbitration of non-frivolous claims less than $75,000 for which you timely provided Dropbox with a Notice of Dispute, Dropbox will reimburse arbitration filing fees at the conclusion of the arbitration and will pay other arbitration fees. For all other claims, the costs and fees of arbitration shall be allocated in accordance with the arbitration provider’s rules, including rules regarding frivolous or improper claims. If you receive an arbitration award that is more favorable than any offer we make to resolve the claim, we will pay you $1,000 in addition to the award. Dropbox will not seek its attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose. Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate. Either you or Dropbox may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco (CA) or any United States county where you live or work. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services, or intellectual property infringement (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above. If the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim, you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in San Francisco County, California to resolve your claim. This exclusive jurisdiction provision does not apply to North Carolina consumers with respect to claims relating to or arising out of use of the Templates. NO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS . You may only resolve disputes with us on an individual basis, and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations aren’t allowed. Severability . If any part of this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will remain in effect, except that if a finding of partial illegality or unenforceability would allow class or representative arbitration, this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section will be unenforceable in its entirety. If you are found to have a non-waivable right to bring a particular claim or to request a particular form of relief that the arbitrator lacks authority to redress or award according to this “Mandatory Arbitration Provisions” section, including public injunctive relief, then only that respective claim or request for relief may be brought in court, and you and we agree that litigation of any such claim or request for relief shall be stayed pending the resolution of any individual claim(s) or request(s) for relief in arbitration. Controlling Law These Terms will be governed by California law except for its conflicts of laws principles. However, some countries (including those in the European Union) have laws that require agreements to be governed by the local laws of the consumer's country. This paragraph doesn’t override those laws. Entire Agreement These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Dropbox with respect to the subject matter of these Terms, and supersede and replace any other prior or contemporaneous agreements, or terms and conditions applicable to the subject matter of these Terms. Our past, present, and future affiliates and agents can invoke our rights under this agreement in the event they become involved in a dispute with you. Otherwise, these Terms do not give rights to any third parties. Waiver, Severability & Assignment Dropbox’s failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later. If a provision is found unenforceable, the remaining provisions of the Terms will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible. You may not assign any of your rights under these Terms, and any such attempt will be void. Dropbox may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services. Modifications We may revise these Terms to better reflect: changes to the law, new regulatory requirements, or improvements or enhancements made to our Services. If an update affects your use of the Services or your legal rights as a user of our Services, we’ll notify you prior to the update's effective date by sending an email to the email address associated with your account or via an in-product notification. These updated terms will be effective no less than 30 days from when we notify you. If you don’t agree to the updates we make, please cancel your account and stop using the Services before the updated Terms become effective. Where applicable, we’ll offer you a prorated refund based on the amounts you have prepaid for Services and your account cancellation date. By continuing to use or access the Services after the updates come into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. Dropbox Desktop app Mobile app Integrations Features Solutions Security Early access Templates Free tools Products Plus Professional Business Enterprise Dash Reclaim.ai Dropbox Sign DocSend Plans Product updates Features Send large files Send long videos Cloud photo storage Secure file transfer Password manager Cloud backup Edit PDFs Electronic signatures Convert to PDF Support Help center Contact us Privacy & terms Cookie policy Cookies & CCPA preferences AI principles Sitemap Learning resources Resources Blog Customer stories Resources library Developers Community forums Referrals Reseller partners Integration partners Find a partner Company About us Jobs Investor relations Our impact



Dropbox Investor Relations | Dropbox Skip to content Why Dropbox? Overview Get inspired What customers say App integrations Resources Better with Dropbox Share files Store and organize Sync your devices Protect and secure data Connect remote teams Keep work moving Always-on backup Sign a document Track document analytics Products Do more than store with Dropbox Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Backup Automatically back up your devices Sign Request and add signatures to documents DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Capture Create screen recordings and video messages Advance access Preview new product experiences Solutions Roles Creatives Sales Marketing HR IT Team Lead Personal Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Pricing Contact Support Help center Community forums Contact sales Email +1 855-237-6726 Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Login Get started Why Dropbox? Overview Get inspired What customers say App integrations Resources Better with Dropbox Share files Store and organize Sync your devices Protect and secure data Connect remote teams Keep work moving Always-on backup Sign a document Track document analytics Products Do more than store with Dropbox Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Backup Automatically back up your devices Sign Request and add signatures to documents DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Capture Create screen recordings and video messages Advance access Preview new product experiences Solutions Roles Creatives Sales Marketing HR IT Team Lead Personal Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Pricing Contact Support Help center Community forums Contact sales Email +1 855-237-6726 Get app Desktop app Mobile app Get started Investors Investors News & events News releases Investor calendar Financials SEC filings Earnings reports Analyst coverage Stock Stock quote/chart Governance Corporate governance documents Our team & board of directors Committee composition Resources Investor FAQ Form 8937 Email alerts Contact IR ESG Investor Relations Stay informed with the latest news, attend webcasts, and follow the performance of Dropbox stock (Nasdaq GS:DBX). View our Earnings Reports We’re creating a new way of working Dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that’s transforming the way people and teams work together. We’re on a mission to unleash the world’s creative energy by designing a more enlightened way of working. Why Dropbox Q4 2024 Earnings and Investor Presentation from Dropbox Latest Financial Performance Revenue ($M) 2021 $2,158 2022 $2,325 2023 $2,502 2024 $2,548 Free Cash Flow ($M) 2021 $708 2022 $764 2023 $759 2024 $872 Non-GAAP Gross Margin 2021 81% 2022 82% 2023 83% 2024 84% Non-GAAP Operating Margin 2021 30% 2022 31% 2023 33% 2024 36% Show All Q4 2024 earnings Webcast Press Release 210.4 KB Presentation 6.6 MB Financial Model 718 KB Investor Supplement 272.2 KB Form 10-K View all Earnings *Note: Non-GAAP gross margin and non-GAAP operating margin exclude stock-based compensation expense and certain non-recurring adjustments. Free cash flow is GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. See appendix for non-GAAP reconciliation. Introducing Dropbox Dash and Dropbox AI Recent Releases February 20, 2025 Dropbox Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2024 Results Fourth Quarter Revenue of $643.6 Million , up 1.4% year-over-year; on a constant currency basis, up 1.1% year-over-year GAAP Operating Margin of 13.7% and Non-GAAP Operating Margin of 36.9% Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities of $213.8 Million and Free Cash Flow of $210.5 Million Fiscal 2024 January 30, 2025 Dropbox to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2024 Earnings Results SAN FRANCISCO --(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 30, 2025-- Dropbox, Inc. (NASDAQ: DBX) announced today that it will report financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 after market close on Thursday, February 20, 2025 . The company will also hold a conference call on the December 11, 2024 Dropbox Completes New Secured Credit Agreement; Announces $1.2B Stock Repurchase Program SAN FRANCISCO --(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 11, 2024-- Dropbox, Inc.   (“Dropbox” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: DBX) , today announced entry into a Credit and Guaranty Agreement providing the Company with up to $2.0 billion in secured term loan due 2029 and a $1.2 billion stock repurchase program. View all releases Upcoming More events are coming soon. Events Recent Q3 2024 Dropbox Earnings Conference Call Webcast Goldman Sachs Communacopia + Technology Conference Webcast View all events Environmental, Social, and Governance We believe Dropbox has a responsibility to make the world a better place, both inside and outside our company. Read on to learn about our company-wide commitments. Read our 2022 Impact Fact Sheet Read our 2021 Impact Report Engagement Contact our investor relations team Contact Us Subscribe to our Email alerts Sign up Dropbox Desktop app Mobile app Integrations Features Solutions Security Early access Templates Products Plus Professional Business Enterprise Dash (beta) Dropbox Sign DocSend Plans Product updates Features Send large files Send long videos Cloud photo storage Secure file transfer Password manager Cloud backup Edit PDFs Electronic signatures Screen recorder Convert to PDF Support Help center Contact us Privacy & terms Cookie policy Cookies & CCPA preferences AI principles Sitemap Learning resources Resources Blog Customer stories Resources library Developers Community forums Referrals Reseller partners Integration partners Find a partner Company About us Jobs Investor relations ESG

File Transfer for Fast and Secure Sharing - Dropbox Skip to main content Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Log in Get started Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Language Get started Features Share File sharing Send large files Folder sharing Link sharing Password protection File permissions File and folder organization File transfer Send long videos Digital watermarking Sync File syncing Work remotely and offline Save disk space Transfer photos Storage Cloud storage File backup File recovery and history Remote wipe Photo storage Cloud security Document storage Computer backup How much is 1 TB File converter Security Security & compliance End-to-end Encryption (E2EE) Collaborate Content collaboration Annotate PDFs and files Task management Video feedback tool Online video editor Video watermarking Video collaboration Productivity Productivity apps PDF editor Document scanner Online OCR App extensions Electronic signatures Embedded signature PDF converter Free online tools Share File sharing Send large files Folder sharing Link sharing Password protection File permissions File and folder organization File transfer Send long videos Digital watermarking Sync File syncing Work remotely and offline Save disk space Transfer photos Storage Cloud storage File backup File recovery and history Remote wipe Photo storage Cloud security Document storage Computer backup How much is 1 TB File converter Security Security & compliance End-to-end Encryption (E2EE) Collaborate Content collaboration Annotate PDFs and files Task management Video feedback tool Online video editor Video watermarking Video collaboration Productivity Productivity apps PDF editor Document scanner Online OCR App extensions Electronic signatures Embedded signature PDF converter Free online tools Simple, secure file transfer Make file transfers up to 250 GB with Dropbox Transfer Try Dropbox Transfer Sign in to your account How can I easily transfer large files without hassle using Dropbox? Securely transferring a large file or collection of files in real time—for example, a design project or set of high-resolution photos—is simple with Dropbox Transfer. Easily drag and drop files without uploading them to the cloud, worrying about storage space, permissions, or managing file access. Deliver any large file quickly Deliver up to 250 GB of files to anyone—even if they don’t have a Dropbox account. You can easily make large file transfers by sending an email or copying a download link to share with recipients. More about large files Guarantee files get delivered Confirm delivery of your file transfers with download notifications, control access with password protection , and set expiration dates for shared links to encourage immediate downloads. Learn about passwords Make a lasting impression Choose a background image or add your logo to customize your transfer download page. And, coming soon, you’ll be able to customize the links to add a personal touch to your file transfers. Try Dropbox Transfer free Premium file transfer tool Dropbox Transfer is a great way to share large files that you don’t need to collaborate on—or don’t want recipients to edit. Send any file stored in your Dropbox account. Recipients don’t need an account to receive files you transfer. You can even get delivery notifications and see exactly how many times a file is downloaded. Try Dropbox Transfer Deliver large files with Dropbox Transfer Want to send a file? Transfer is available to all Dropbox users—even Basic subscribers with a free plan. The file size you’re allowed depends on the plan you have. Dropbox Basic : Transfer files up to 2 GB for free Dropbox Plus and Standard : Send files up to 2 GB Dropbox Professional and Advanced : Transfer files or collections of files up to 100 GB Creative Tools Add-On : Combine with your Dropbox Standard, Advanced, Enterprise, or Education account for file transfers up to 250 GB Compare plans Collaborate easily—even with big files Making a documentary or co-creating something big? Dropbox Replay's frame-accurate commenting simplifies creative reviews, avoids endless email threads, and enables others to jump to the exact frame you're referring to. Tag team members, clients, and vendors to notify them of your comments to keep projects moving. Deliver large files to anyone Compare plans “Dropbox definitely helps our productivity. It saves us 40 percent of the time when we’re trying to collaborate with large files.” Jonathan Lott Engineer, AudioShake Frequently asked questions How long does a file transfer take? Once you create a Transfer, your recipients can download it immediately. Your speedy file transfer will give you a link or email that you can send to anyone to collect the file transfer. How do I password-protect file transfers? You can password-protect file transfers , so whoever you sent the transfer must enter a password to collect their files. When you create your file transfer in Dropbox Transfer, you’ll have the option to add, edit, or remove a password before you complete the process. How do I set a link expiration date? By default, transfers automatically expire after 7 days. It is possible to set a longer expiration date—Dropbox Professional and Advanced users can set an expiration date of up to 90 days, with the ability to extend that up to one year while the link is still “live”. Expired transfers are only visible to the sender, and are no longer accessible to anyone with the link. Can I share files without a Dropbox account? No, to share files using Dropbox Transfer you need to have a Dropbox account. Any Dropbox user—even people with our free Dropbox Basic plan—can create file transfers. The recipient of the file transfer doesn’t need a Dropbox account to receive their files. Can I send file transfers for free? Yes, you can send file transfers for free with Dropbox Transfer. Any Dropbox user can make file transfers, but the file size limit will depend on your plan. Recipients don’t need a Dropbox account to get their files. File transfers drive efficient collaboration Please note: Not all content is available in all languages Strategy equals efficiency Too many systems, too little time. Discover how creating a collaboration strategy can help drive efficiency. Download report Sharing is caring Never worry about crossed wires and missed files again! Dropbox offers more action and less distraction. Download eBook Learn with the experts Improving collaboration and plugging the productivity gap are key to driving efficiency, learn how to convert friction to flow. Download eBook What are some of the features offered by Dropbox share? File backup Securely back up your files to protect against data loss Back up online files Send large files Send large files of any type to anybody, worry-free Quickly send large files Remote work Access important work offline—anytime, anywhere Sync your work offline File permissions Safeguard your work with powerful file permissions Manage file permissions Secure file transfer with Dropbox Transfer Try Dropbox Transfer Sign in to your account Dropbox Desktop app Mobile app Integrations Features Solutions Security Early access Templates Free tools Products Plus Professional Business Enterprise Dash Reclaim.ai Dropbox Sign DocSend Plans Product updates Features Send large files Send long videos Cloud photo storage Secure file transfer Password manager Cloud backup Edit PDFs Electronic signatures Convert to PDF Support Help center Contact us Privacy & terms Cookie policy Cookies & CCPA preferences AI principles Sitemap Learning resources Resources Blog Customer stories Resources library Developers Community forums Referrals Reseller partners Integration partners Find a partner Company About us Jobs Investor relations Our impact



Dropbox Early Access Skip to main content Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Log in Get started Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app English (United States) Get started Dropbox Early Access Test drive the next generation of work tools, now in alpha or beta. Scroll down for more info on all the cutting-edge tech available to you through Dropbox Early Access. And thanks in advance for sharing feedback—your ideas could directly influence the final product! Dash for Business Find anything. Protect everything. Introducing Dash for Business, the platform that combines AI universal search and organization with universal content access control. Dash is here to help teams find what they need, and let admins protect what matters. Universal search helps users quickly find the content they need within Dropbox and beyond Summarize documents with a click, instantly generate AI-powered insights, and collaborate easily using shareable content collections Powerful admin controls—easily view and manage access permissions to make sure only the right people see sensitive content Dropbox Dash is currently available to users in the US in English only. Try Dash now Investing in innovation We’re looking for the biggest ideas, the best new tech, and the most talented teams. Through Dropbox Ventures, we’re investing up to $50 million in early-stage AI startups. Learn more Dropbox AI Principles Customer focused. Security minded. Responsible and honest. Learn about all the principles guiding our teams as they develop new AI-powered products Your participation in Dropbox Early Access is subject to the following terms . We cannot guarantee that the features or products we make available as part of this program will be accessible to you in the future. Dropbox Desktop app Mobile app Integrations Features Solutions Security Early access Templates Free tools Products Plus Professional Business Enterprise Dash Reclaim.ai Dropbox Sign DocSend Plans Product updates Features Send large files Send long videos Cloud photo storage Secure file transfer Password manager Cloud backup Edit PDFs Electronic signatures Convert to PDF Support Help center Contact us Privacy & terms Cookie policy Cookies & CCPA preferences AI principles Sitemap Learning resources Resources Blog Customer stories Resources library Developers Community forums Referrals Reseller partners Integration partners Find a partner Company About us Jobs Investor relations Our impact

Enterprise - Dropbox Skip to main content Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Log in Get started Products Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices Replay Review and approve videos faster Backup Automatically back up your devices Reclaim.ai Schedule habits, tasks, and meetings with AI Dash Find, organize, and protect company content DocSend Send documents securely and track activity Sign Request and add signatures to documents Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Teams Sales Marketing HR IT Creatives Use cases Cloud storage Video review Signing documents Sharing files Industries Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional services Education Enterprise Pricing Contact sales Get app Desktop app Mobile app English (United States) Get started Dropbox Enterprise Secure collaboration across your corporation Help your teams store, share, and get more done. With industry-leading security features, you can secure unmanaged data and control licenses all in one place. Contact sales One clear message from customers: Dropbox is where you work together Customers trust Dropbox as a secure solution that enables easy sharing and collaboration. With automated tools built to scale, Enterprise companies are more efficient Dropbox. Read G2 reviews Users love us Dropbox users rate our products highly amongst our peers. Leader in enterprise Dropbox is highly rated by G2 users and has a substantial Satisfaction and Market Presence score. Momentum leader Dropbox ranks in the Momentum Grid® rank in the top 25% of our category's products by users. Leader Dropbox is a Winter 2024 Leader according to reviews by G2 users! Security isn’t just our priority, it’s our promise Dropbox helps teams work securely. User, device, and content controls ensure nothing gets shared you don’t want shared, and nothing gets seen you don’t want seen. Read our security whitepaper Hyper-vigilance, not just surveillance Dropbox provides always-on protection for your systems—with vulnerability testing, dark-web monitoring, and enterprise detection-and-response. Learn more Security that stays alert Real-time notifications of potential suspicious behavior, risky activity, and data leaks to help with threat management and data loss prevention. Learn more Compliance, built on confidence Dropbox’s advanced data protection secures your sensitive and confidential files, meeting global regulatory standards for HIPAA, GDPR, ISO 27001, NIST, SOC2 Type II, SOC3, and FDA 21 CFR Part 11. Learn more Features built for enterprise teams Domain management Simplicity makes security feel effortless Onboarding to Dropbox is simple, quick, and controllable with a click. Verify users in your organization and prevent unauthorized usage. Migrate anyone with a company email to a single team with domain verification and account capture. Data governance add-on Data governance gets rid of the risk Data management tools ease the burden on IT teams. The wealth of data and files across your organization doesn’t have to feel like a liability. You just need to know it’s protected, under control, and retrievable at any time for up to 10 years. So if auditors come with questions, or a client wants to see a ten-year-old file, you’re covered. Explore data governance Dropbox Enterprise: like Dropbox, but bigger Do everything you’d normally do with Dropbox, and more: Sharing Share large files and content Storage Provide secure storage with collaborators, even if they don’t have a Dropbox plan File requests Collect content from stakeholders with file requests Document management Speed up document turnaround with the ability to convert, edit, sign, and organize PDFs Expedia travels with Dropbox Dropbox works with who you work with When your data automatically syncs between tools, users have more time to get things done without constantly switching context. Explore app integrations Zoom Connect and collaborate on all your content, in real time, no matter where your teams may be. Slack Integrate your conversations and Dropbox content to keep teams in sync. Office 365 Easily access, edit, and share Office docs online in Dropbox. Google Workspace Create, edit, and share Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides from Dropbox. Microsoft Teams Share files directly from Dropbox to the work you’re doing in Microsoft Teams. Canva Create beautiful graphics in Canva with your content from Dropbox. Asana Teams can track any kind of work with Asana, while keeping content from Dropbox right alongside. Miro Map, discuss, and work together with your Dropbox files on an online collaborative whiteboard. How much better can it get? Dropbox improves productivity by accelerating key workflows and projects—all while providing a better employee experience. Read the Forrester report Boost your bottom line Teams using Dropbox saw a 375% ROI and payback in under six months. Skip the do-overs Dropbox increased collaboration by 10% and showed a 90% reduction in rework. Get more done Companies using Dropbox improved productivity—valued at over $530,000—over three years. Go big and go home Dropbox supports over 189 file types and can handle large files, HD, and 4k-rich media up to 2 TB—with 4X faster upload, download, and sync. “Compared to its competitors, Dropbox is more secure, supports a wider variety of files, and syncs files faster. It's the perfect app if you need to collaborate on a project and share files back and forth, or if you just want to sync up your own files between your devices.” Read full review Chloe Good Project Manager at Vinfen “Easy to use, easy to operate, reliable file-syncing and storage service with enhanced collaboration features, provides tighter admin controls and sharing settings, and it's designed for businesses.” Read full review Verified User Information Technology and Services “The file review reminder option is very helpful, especially when a project is live. All project update can be uploaded to Dropbox Business, and the Admin can allow the participants to either edit or have full control. Dropbox Business can easily be downloaded and set up even on a Mobile device.” Read full review Aurovinda Shyamal Senior Software at EngineerEurofins 01/03 You’re in good company 56% of Fortune 500 companies have at least one Dropbox team plan. 575k+ teams globally use Dropbox to share work, safeguard content, and grow their business. 4.5B connections and counting created through Dropbox file sharing. 1B+ mobile app downloads with Editors’ Choice Awards from the Google Play and Apple App Store. Collaborate at scale with Dropbox Enterprise Contact sales Dropbox Desktop app Mobile app Integrations Features Solutions Security Early access Templates Free tools Products Plus Professional Business Enterprise Dash Reclaim.ai Dropbox Sign DocSend Plans Product updates Features Send large files Send long videos Cloud photo storage Secure file transfer Password manager Cloud backup Edit PDFs Electronic signatures Convert to PDF Support Help center Contact us Privacy & terms Cookie policy Cookies & CCPA preferences AI principles Sitemap Learning resources Resources Blog Customer stories Resources library Developers Community forums Referrals Reseller partners Integration partners Find a partner Company About us Jobs Investor relations Our impact

Dropbox Sign eSignature Agreements — Work Smarter - Dropbox Skip to main content No items found. Why Dropbox Sign? What you can do Sign documents online Create electronic signatures Choose or create templates Fill and sign PDFs Complete online contracts Document management Explore features Use cases Sales and business development Human resources Startups Financial technology Real estate On-demand services Products Sign Make it easy to send and sign Sign API Integrate eSign in your workflow Fax Send faxes without a fax machine Integrations We meet you where you work Resources Blog Workflow expertise & product news Customer stories Real-world stories with real results Help center In-depth guidance for our products Resource library Reports, videos, and info sheets Developers Pricing Dropbox Sign pricing Find the right plan for you Dropbox Sign API pricing Real-world stories with real results Contact sales Sign up Contact Sales Sign in Dropbox Sign Dropbox Forms Dropbox Fax Free trial Get contracts signed 80% faster. Businesses run on agreements. Keep your hard-won momentum. Prepare, send, sign, and track eSignatures effortlessly with Dropbox Sign. Start your 30-day free trial Cancel anytime during trial. See plans and pricing With Dropbox Sign, you can easily get contracts signed from anywhere, at any time. Faster than paper Automated follow-ups and easy workflows ensure faster time to signature. Easy and intuitive Simplify signing for everyone, tech-savvy or not. Legally-binding Audit trails provide proof of document access, review, and signature. Secure and reliable Safely sign and request signatures for your most important documents. Build efficiency into your agreement workflows Send, sign, and track Create an on-brand and fully embedded signing experience for your signers with the fastest to implement eSignature API , according to G2. Learn more Stay on top of progress Close deals faster and improve completion rates. Salesforce integration and mobile signing help boost sales team performance by up to 45%. Learn more Build it into your workflow Remove tedious steps for recruitment and onboarding and speed up time-to-hire through pre-populated forms, intuitive digital signing , and tracking. Learn more Verify your signers Protect all parties by keeping private information safe and secure. Request legally binding signatures at scale with templates and bulk-send features. Integrations Dropbox Sign meets you where you work Integrate Dropbox Sign eSignatures with the tools you know and use. Learn more about our integrations Start signing in minutes Create your Dropbox Sign account Starts at $15 / user / month Enjoy a free trial and send unlimited signatures. Start your 30-day free trial Cancel anytime during trial Build with Dropbox Sign API Starts at $100 / 50 API requests / month Embed eSignatures into your application in record time. Create developer account Create developer account Trusted by teams everywhere “HelloSign [now Dropbox Sign] is location and device-agnostic, and scalable. For an IT team, that’s the dream: everyone gets the same experience, and maintenance is simple. This means we don’t have to change how we work as we grow—HelloSign [now Dropbox Sign] and Dropbox Business will grow and scale with us.” ‍ Daniel Halter Group IT Manager Read their story 01 / 06 Signature process reduced from 2 weeks to 1 day “HelloSign [now Dropbox Sign] is extremely convenient for us to use since everything can be signed on a mobile device anywhere at anytime. It saves me and my clients a lot of time, especially for contracts that need be signed outside of the country." Jason Lew Director and Founder Read their story 02 / 06 Loan process reduced from 2 weeks to 8 minutes “I’ve implemented other APIs and it usually takes about a week. HelloSign [now Dropbox Sign] is using such forward-looking technology, along with clear and easy to understand documentation that I was able to do it in less than 3 hours. This was a record for me.” Brian Bristol CTO and Co-Founder Read their story 03 / 06 Over 10,000 signatures a month and growing “Other providers in the market require customers to have their own accounts to integrate eSignatures into an application, which makes the process more complicated and fragmented for new hires. HelloSign [now Dropbox Sign] has enabled our customers to get up and running without additional time or barriers.” Aaron Gibralter Director of Product Engineering Read their story 04 / 06 2x faster to implement than their legacy vendor “Everything we did was intuitive and straightforward, and if there was anything a little bit murky someone was always ready to immediately answer our questions or find out for us. This was the exact opposite of what we received from the legacy vendor.” Eric Pohlabel Sr. Salesforce Certified Advanced Administrator Read their story 05 / 06 Improved completion rates by as much as 26% “The sooner you start using HelloSign [now Dropbox Sign], the sooner you can see the benefits. You’ll be surprised at what you can achieve." Soren Kruger IT Security Officer Read their story 06 / 06 1 2 3 4 5 6 Resources Ahead of the curve Discover the value of eSignatures in your workflow. Cohort onboarding with Dropbox Sign API Learn how to create a smooth, automated onboarding experience for new cohorts using the Dropbox Sign API. Watch now Digital collect signed waivers with Dropbox Sign Discover how digital waivers can streamline your workflow, reduce paperwork, and create a seamless experience for your clients and team. Watch now Setting up embedded signing in Java using Dropbox Sign Learn how to set up embedded signing in Java using Dropbox Sign. Watch now Dropbox Sign: For all things worth signing Start your 30-day free trial Cancel anytime during trial Products Dropbox Sign Dropbox Sign API Dropbox Fax Integrations Why Dropbox Sign Electronic signatures Sign documents Sign and Fill PDFs Online contracts Create electronic signatures Signature editor Sign word documents Support Help center Contact sales Contact support Cookies & CCPA preferences Getting started: Dropbox Sign Getting started: Dropbox Sign API Resources Blog Customer stories Resource center Legality guide Trust center Partners Strategic Partners Partners locator Company Careers Terms Privacy Accepted payment methods Select language: English (United States) English (United Kingdom) Deutsch Français (Canada) Français (France) Dansk Norsk (bokmål) Svenska Español (Latinoamérica) Español (España) Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Bahasa Malaysia Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Pусский ไทย Українська 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） English (United States) English (United Kingdom) Deutsch Français (Canada) Français (France) Dansk Norsk (bokmål) Svenska Español (Latinoamérica) Español (España) Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Bahasa Malaysia Nederlands Polski Português (Brasil) Pусский ไทย Українська 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Dropbox Sign electronic signatures are legally binding in the United States, European Union, United Kingdom, and in many countries around the world. For more information, please view our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy