Robinhood: 24/5 Commission-Free Stock Trading & Investing Gold Month: A new reward dropped 3/14. Get a 2% bonus on brokerage account transfers for a limited time only.  Terms and subscription apply. Meet your future
financial team Explore the new tools coming to Robinhood Gold - professional guidance, AI assistance and more premium features. Learn more Intuitive trading tools Build your strategy and track market trends, seamlessly Trade stocks, options, crypto, and more on Robinhood Legend and the Robinhood app. Learn more Stocks & funds offered through Robinhood Financial. Crypto offered through Robinhood Crypto. See our Fee Schedule for more details. Stocks & funds offered through Robinhood Financial. Crypto offered through Robinhood Crypto. See our Fee Schedule for more details. Get started with Robinhood Crypto
Trade crypto 24/7 Start with as little as $1. Buy, sell, and transfer BTC, ETH, XRP, SOL, DOGE, SHIB, and more. Crypto Risk Disclosures Learn more Crypto offered through Robinhood Crypto. Crypto offered through Robinhood Crypto. Your portfolio, handled by the pros Get timely market insights with an expert-managed portfolio that proactively adjusts your investments. Robinhood Gold members get zero management fees on every dollar over $100K. Terms apply. Gold subscription $5/month. Get started For illustrative purposes only. Portfolio management offered through Robinhood Asset Management (“Robinhood Strategies”), an SEC-registered investment advisor. Gold membership is offered by Robinhood Gold, LLC. For illustrative purposes only. Portfolio management offered through Robinhood Asset Management (“Robinhood Strategies”), an SEC-registered investment advisor. Gold membership is offered by Robinhood Gold, LLC. Robinhood Protection Guarantee Learn more about our commitments We work hard to keep your data safe and secure. We protect your account from unauthorized activity. We provide multi-factor authentication on all accounts. We've got your back. We're available to you 24/7. Become a better investor on the go, right in the app Here's a preview of the things you can learn when you sign up. Sign up to access Robinhood Learn Join a new generation of investors Sign up Customer Relationship Summaries FINRA’s BrokerCheck Follow us on Product Invest Strategies Trading Retirement Gold Crypto Legend Options Futures Banking Credit Card Learn Snacks Legal & Regulatory Terms & Conditions Disclosures Robinhood Financial Entities US Online Privacy Statement Robinhood Markets US Online Privacy Statement Law Enforcement Requests Your Privacy Choices Company About us Blog Partner With Us Affiliates Press Careers Commitments Investor Relations Support ESG Podcast Investor Index Robinhood Merch Legal & Regulatory Terms & Conditions Disclosures Robinhood Financial Entities US Online Privacy Statement Robinhood Markets US Online Privacy Statement Law Enforcement Requests Your Privacy Choices All investing involves risk. Brokerage services are offered through Robinhood Financial LLC, (“ RHF ”) a registered broker dealer (member SIPC ), and clearing services through Robinhood Securities, LLC, (“ RHS ”) a registered broker dealer (member SIPC ). Portfolio Management offered through Robinhood Asset Management (“Robinhood Strategies” or “RAM”), an SEC-registered investment advisor. For additional information about Robinhood Strategies, including about services, fees, risks, and conflicts of interest, please see our firm’s brochure . Futures and cleared swaps trading is offered by Robinhood Derivatives, LLC, (“RHD”) a registered futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and a Member of the National Futures Association (NFA). RHD is not FDIC insured or SIPC protected. Cryptocurrency services are offered through an account with Robinhood Crypto, LLC (“RHC”) (NMLS ID: 1702840). Robinhood Crypto is licensed to engage in virtual currency business activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. Review a list of RHC's licenses for more information. Cryptocurrency held through Robinhood Crypto is not FDIC insured or SIPC protected. The Robinhood spending account is offered through Robinhood Money, LLC (“RHY”) (NMLS ID: 1990968), a licensed money transmitter. Review a list of our licenses for more information. The Robinhood Cash Card is a prepaid card issued by Sutton Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Mastercard® International Incorporated. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. Robinhood Gold Card is subject to credit approval and underwriting. Robinhood Gold Card is offered by Robinhood Credit, Inc., and is issued by Coastal Community Bank, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Robinhood Credit, Inc. (“RCT”), is a financial technology company, not a bank. Robinhood Gold is a subscription-based membership program of premium services offered through Robinhood Gold, LLC (“ RHG ”). RHF, RAM, RHY, RHC, RCT, RHG, RHD, and RHS are affiliated entities and wholly owned subsidiaries of Robinhood Markets, Inc. RHF, RAM, RHY, RHC, RCT, RHG, RHD, and RHS are not banks. Investing products offered by RHF are not FDIC insured and involve risk, including possible loss of principal. RHY is not a member of FINRA, and products are not subject to SIPC protection, but funds held in the Robinhood spending account and Robinhood Cash Card account may be eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance (review the Robinhood Cash Card Agreement and the Robinhood Spending Account Agreement ). Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all customers. Customers must read and understand the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before engaging in any options trading strategies. Options transactions are often complex and may involve the potential of losing the entire investment in a relatively short period of time. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk, including the potential for losses that may exceed the original investment amount. RO 4340406 Robinhood, 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025. © 2025 Robinhood. All rights reserved. Follow us on All investing involves risk. Brokerage services are offered through Robinhood Financial LLC, (“ RHF ”) a registered broker dealer (member SIPC ), and clearing services through Robinhood Securities, LLC, (“ RHS ”) a registered broker dealer (member SIPC ). Portfolio Management offered through Robinhood Asset Management (“Robinhood Strategies” or “RAM”), an SEC-registered investment advisor. For additional information about Robinhood Strategies, including about services, fees, risks, and conflicts of interest, please see our firm’s brochure . Futures and cleared swaps trading is offered by Robinhood Derivatives, LLC, (“RHD”) a registered futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and a Member of the National Futures Association (NFA). RHD is not FDIC insured or SIPC protected. Cryptocurrency services are offered through an account with Robinhood Crypto, LLC (“RHC”) (NMLS ID: 1702840). Robinhood Crypto is licensed to engage in virtual currency business activity by the New York State Department of Financial Services. Review a list of RHC's licenses for more information. Cryptocurrency held through Robinhood Crypto is not FDIC insured or SIPC protected. The Robinhood spending account is offered through Robinhood Money, LLC (“RHY”) (NMLS ID: 1990968), a licensed money transmitter. Review a list of our licenses for more information. The Robinhood Cash Card is a prepaid card issued by Sutton Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Mastercard® International Incorporated. Mastercard and the circles design are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated. Robinhood Gold Card is subject to credit approval and underwriting. Robinhood Gold Card is offered by Robinhood Credit, Inc., and is issued by Coastal Community Bank, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Robinhood Credit, Inc. (“RCT”), is a financial technology company, not a bank. Robinhood Gold is a subscription-based membership program of premium services offered through Robinhood Gold, LLC (“ RHG ”). RHF, RAM, RHY, RHC, RCT, RHG, RHD, and RHS are affiliated entities and wholly owned subsidiaries of Robinhood Markets, Inc. RHF, RAM, RHY, RHC, RCT, RHG, RHD, and RHS are not banks. Investing products offered by RHF are not FDIC insured and involve risk, including possible loss of principal. RHY is not a member of FINRA, and products are not subject to SIPC protection, but funds held in the Robinhood spending account and Robinhood Cash Card account may be eligible for FDIC pass-through insurance (review the Robinhood Cash Card Agreement and the Robinhood Spending Account Agreement ). Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all customers. Customers must read and understand the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before engaging in any options trading strategies. Options transactions are often complex and may involve the potential of losing the entire investment in a relatively short period of time. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk, including the potential for losses that may exceed the original investment amount. RO 4340406 Robinhood, 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025. © 2025 Robinhood. All rights reserved. What We Offer Invest Crypto Retirement Options Futures Trading Banking Credit Card Strategies Gold Legend Learn Support US Sign up Log in Sign up

Robinhood - Environmental, Social & Governance at Robinhood Skip to main content Overview Environmental Social Governance Overview Environmental Social Governance Skip to main content Overview Environmental Social Governance Search query Search Environmental, Social & Governance at Robinhood Our ESG Priorities Robinhood was founded on the belief that everyone should be welcome to participate in our financial system. Our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) program aims to help build a company our customers can be proud to invest with. We see ESG as an opportunity to drive long-term, positive impact for our business. By providing our customers with more transparency on our priorities and how we operate, we can harness a new generation of investors who desire to support companies that reflect their values. We were proud to launch our first ESG report within two months of becoming a public company, and we publish our ESG report annually as we continue to provide our stakeholders with transparent disclosure. Performance Highlights 24.2M Robinhood Funded Customers (as of June 30, 2024) 50% Percentage of Robinhood customers who started investing on Robinhood in Q2 2024 and self-identified as first-time investors 1 / 3 Customers on the platform self-identify as a woman* 100% Scope 2 emissions offset totaling 1,634 metric tonnes of carbon removed from the atmosphere 110,000 MWh Clean energy annually produced through a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement 60% Employees are members of one of nine employee resource groups *This data comes from a Robinhood survey, powered by Dynata, based on a sample of approximately 7,500 Americans who
    have a brokerage account. The sample is representative of the U.S. population across age, gender, and income. Data was
    collected between April 2024 and June 2024. Archived ESG Reports Select Year: 2023 2022 2021 2020 Download FY2023 Report Archived Limited Assurance Select Year: 2023 2022 2021 Download FY2023 Assurance Governing Responsibly We seek to maintain robust, transparent governance and oversight practices through written policies, procedures, and internal controls to guide our actions and promote high levels of responsibility, integrity, and compliance across our businesses. Company Links Robinhood Newsroom Robinhood Mission Robinhood Investor Relations Robinhood 2023 Annual Report Robinhood 2024 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement Governance Documents Robinhood Markets, Inc. Governance Documents Library Robinhood Disclosure Library Robinhood Privacy Policy Robinhood Code of Conduct Robinhood Third Party (Vendor) Code of Conduct Robinhood Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Executives Robinhood Markets, Inc. Corporate Governance Guidelines Robinhood Markets, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws CA AB1305 Disclosure © 2024 Robinhood. All rights reserved. Robinhood Markets, Inc. is on a mission to democratize finance for all. In the U.S., people can invest with no account minimums through Robinhood Financial LLC, a registered broker dealer (member SIPC), buy and sell crypto through Robinhood Crypto, LLC, spend and earn rewards through debit cards with Robinhood Money, LLC and credit cards with Robinhood Credit, Inc., trade US stocks without commission or FX fees in the UK through Robinhood U.K. Ltd., trade crypto in select jurisdictions in the European Union through Robinhood Europe, UAB, and access easy-to-understand educational content through Robinhood Learn. Quick Links Environmental Social Governance Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Powered By Q4 Inc. 5.149.1.1 (opens in new window)



SIPC - Securities Investor Protection Corporation Español Broker-Dealer Portal Search Query About SIPC Who We Are We are a non-profit corporation that has been protecting investors for 50 years. We work to restore investors’ cash and securities when their brokerage firm fails. SIPC has recovered billions of dollars for investors. Mission SIPC works to restore investors’ assets when a brokerage firm fails financially. History and Track Record SIPC has restored billions of dollars for investors. Leadership Our job is to recover missing assets if your brokerage firm fails financially. The SIPC Logo The SIPC logo means your assets are protected under the Securities Investor Protection Act (SIPA). The SIPC Fund SIPC maintains resources from which we can draw to restore customer assets. Statute and Rules SIPC is a non-profit corporation created by Congress some 50 years ago. SIPC Annual Report The year in review. Brochures Download or view SIPC brochures here. Cases & Claims Cases & Claims Find claim forms and deadlines for open cases here. SIPC has restored billions of dollars for investors. Filing Deadlines When you file matters. Filing deadlines explained. How To File a Claim Claim FAQs All Open Cases Cases that are still being processed. How a Liquidation Works Steps SIPC takes to recover customer assets when a brokerage firm fails financially. How The Claims Process Works What happens when you file a claim. For Investors How We Protect You SIPC has recovered billions of dollars for investors. Our job is to recover missing cash or securities if your brokerage firm has gone out of business. SIPC has issued Investor Bulletins explaining SIPC’s protection and claims process. Click here for Part I ("SIPC Basics"). Click here for Part II ("Filing a SIPC Claim"). SIPC does not protect digital asset securities that are investment contracts that are not registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, even if held by a SIPC member brokerage firm. What is SIPC? Click here for a brief introduction How SIPC Protects You First 50 years of protection When SIPC Gets Involved SIPC steps in when a brokerage firm fails financially, and assets are missing from customer accounts. What SIPC Protects SIPC protects customer assets when a SIPC-member brokerage firm fails financially. Investors with Multiple Accounts Understand how SIPC protection works if you have multiple accounts. Investor FAQs Find answers to your questions. Fraud Alerts See our latest fraud alerts to protect yourself. Protecting Yourself Against Fraud Steps you can take to protect yourself from fraud. SIPC Annual Report The year in review. Brochures Download or view SIPC brochures here. For Member Firms For Member Firms SIPC member brokerage firms can find information here about filing requirements, the SIPC assessment, and the SIPC logo. Member Information Guidelines and tools for SIPC member brokerage firms. Assessment Rate Member FAQs SIPC Logo Rules Order Brochures, Signs, and Decals Fraud Alerts See our latest fraud alerts to protect yourself. Portal Information Information about the SIPC Broker-Dealer Portal. Portal Webinar Watch a webinar about the SIPC Broker-Dealer Portal. Member Filing Requirements Questions about filing requirements? Call the membership department at (202) 371-8300 or email form@sipc.org . How To File Your Assessment Forms (SIPC-6/SIPC-7) How to File Your Annual Report How To File Your Agreed-Upon Procedures (AUP) Report How To File Your Form SIPC-3 Portal Information Information about the SIPC broker-dealer portal. Portal Introduction Portal FAQs Portal Administrator Delegation How To File Portal Forms SIPC Broker-Dealer Portal Pay Your Assessment News & Media News & Media News releases, brochures, reports, and more. News Releases Speeches and Testimony Brochures Annual Reports In the Media Media Contact Contact Us List Of Members Search Query About SIPC > Cases & Claims > For Investors > For Member Firms > News & Media > Broker-Dealer Portal > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back About SIPC Mission > History and Track Record > Leadership > The SIPC Logo > The SIPC Fund > Statute and Rules > SIPC Annual Report > Brochures > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back Cases & Claims Filing Deadlines > All Open Cases > How To File a Claim > Claim FAQs > How a Liquidation Works > How The Claims Process Works > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back For Investors When SIPC Gets Involved > What SIPC Protects > Investors with Multiple Accounts > Investor FAQs > Fraud Alerts > Protecting Yourself Against Fraud > SIPC Annual Report > Brochures > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back For Member Firms Assessment Rate > Portal Introduction > Member FAQs > Portal FAQs > Portal Administrator Delegation > SIPC Logo Rules > How To File Portal Forms > Order Brochures, Signs, and Decals > Fraud Alerts > How To File Your Assessment Forms (SIPC-6/SIPC-7) > How to File Your Annual Report > Portal Information > Portal Webinar > How To File Your Agreed-Upon Procedures (AUP) Report > How To File Your Form SIPC-3 > Pay Assessments > Collapse Navigation Contact Us Search Query Back News & Media News Releases > Speeches and Testimony > Brochures > Annual Reports > In the Media > Media Contact > Collapse Navigation Contact Us List Of Members Fraud Alerts: See our latest fraud alerts to protect yourself. Click Here For More Information Malicious actors may attempt to impersonate SIPC employees in fraudulent e-mails or on documents appearing to bear a SIPC seal and/or officer or employee signature.
                If an e-mail or document is suspicious, please contact SIPC to confirm its authenticity.
                Malicious actors also may pose as SIPC through false or fraudulent websites that mimic SIPC's web site.
                Beware of any websites using similar domain names to SIPC's or that resemble SIPC’s website except for certain contact information.
                SIPC's official website appears exclusively at www.sipc.org.
                For any questions or concerns, contact SIPC at 202-371-8300 or by manually addressing an email to asksipc@sipc.org . For Investors For Member Firms Cases & Claims SIPC has issued Investor Bulletins explaining SIPC’s protection and claims process. Click here for Part I ("SIPC Basics"). Click here for Part II ("Filing a SIPC Claim"). A Brief Introduction Watch The Video If you have trouble viewing the video, please click here to view it on YouTube or click here to view it on Facebook . We are a non-profit corporation that has been protecting investors for over 50 years. SIPC has recovered billions of dollars for investors. Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration -:- Loaded : 0% 0:00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - -:- 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Captions captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected English Audio Track Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Next up Next up: Created by Congress in 1970, SIPC celebrated 50 years of protecting investors in 2020. Read the Special Anniversary Report here Watch the Anniversary Video Video Player is loading. Play Video Play Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration -:- Loaded : 0% 0:00 Stream Type LIVE Seek to live, currently behind live LIVE Remaining Time - -:- 1x Playback Rate Chapters Chapters Descriptions descriptions off , selected Captions captions settings , opens captions settings dialog captions off , selected Audio Track Fullscreen This is a modal window. Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Reset restore all settings to the default values Done Close Modal Dialog End of dialog window. Next up Next up: Important Information for Investors Claim Filing Deadlines When you file matters. Filing deadlines explained. Is Your Broker a SIPC Member? SIPC protects the customers of over 3,200 members. Open Cases Cases that are still being processed. Home About SIPC Cases & Claims For Investors For Member Firms News & Media Contact Us List of Members Broker-Dealer Portal Search Español Disclaimer Privacy Policy Site Map Get In Touch Securities Investor Protection Corporation 1667 K St. N.W., Suite 1000 Washington, D.C. 20006-1620 Telephone: (202) 371-8300 Fax: (202) 223-1679 Email: asksipc@sipc.org

Home - Robinhood Newsroom Skip to content Menu Menu Newsroom Crypto Culture Design Education Engineering Ideas News Press Resources Investor Policy Newsroom News Introducing Robinhood Strategies, Robinhood Banking, and Robinhood Cortex Robinhood Mar 27, 2025 News Robinhood Markets Welcomes John Hegeman to its Board of Directors Hegeman joins the Robinhood Board, bringing extensive expertise in product development and digital advertising We’re excited to announce John Hegeman Robinhood Mar 25, 2025 News Robinhood Launches Prediction Markets Hub Today, Robinhood Derivatives, LLC (RHD) announced a prediction markets hub directly within the Robinhood App, giving customers the opportunity to Robinhood Mar 17, 2025 News Robinhood Presents: The Lost City of Gold Today, Robinhood announced Robinhood Presents: The Lost City of Gold, a keynote event happening on Wednesday, March 26 live from Robinhood Mar 7, 2025 Categories Crypto Culture Design Education Engineering Ideas News Uncategorized Year 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 The Latest News SEC Closes Investigation Into Robinhood Crypto with No Action Robinhood Announces the SEC’s Enforcement Division has Closed Its Investigation and Will Not Pursue an Enforcement Action The U.S. Securities Robinhood Feb 24, 2025 News Robinhood Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Results Robinhood Markets, Inc. (Nasdaq: HOOD) today reported financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2024 and FY’24. Read our Robinhood Feb 12, 2025 News Options Trading is Now Available in the UK At Robinhood, we’re committed to providing our customers with the tools they need to navigate the financial markets, no matter Robinhood Feb 11, 2025 News Robinhood Receives Formal Request from the CFTC to Roll Back the Pro Football Championship Market The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) has formally requested that Robinhood Derivatives, LLC (RHD) “not permit customers to access” sports Robinhood Feb 4, 2025 News Robinhood Shares Selected December 2024 Month-To-Date Trading Volumes Robinhood Markets, Inc. (Nasdaq: HOOD) today shared the following December 2024 Month-To-Date trading volumes. From Sunday, December 1st through Friday, Robinhood Dec 31, 2024 News Robinhood Markets Welcomes Christopher Payne to its Board of Directors Payne joins the Robinhood Board of Directors bringing decades of technology and product experience  We’re excited to announce Christopher Payne Robinhood Dec 18, 2024 1 2 … 64 65 Next Follow us on X Instagram LinkedIn TikTok YouTube Product Invest Crypto Cash Card Learn Snacks Company About Us Affiliates Press Careers Commitments Our Customers Investor Relations Support ESG Legal & Regulatory Terms & Conditions Disclosures Privacy All investing involves risk. U.S. brokerage services are offered through Robinhood Financial LLC, a registered broker dealer (member SIPC ) and U.S. clearing services through Robinhood Securities, LLC, a registered broker dealer (member SIPC ). Find more information on FINRA's BrokerCheck . U.K. brokerage services are offered through Robinhood U.K. Ltd, an authorised and regulated firm by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 823590), and introduces UK customers to Robinhood Securities, LLC for order routing, execution, clearing, settlement, arranging custody services and margin lending to eligible UK customers with margin accounts. Robinhood Securities, LLC is regulated in the U.S. by the SEC and FINRA. U.S. cryptocurrency services are offered through Robinhood Crypto, LLC (NMLS ID: 1702840).  EU cryptocurrency services are offered for eligible EU customers through an account with Robinhood Europe, UAB (company number 306377915), registered in Lithuania as a virtual currency exchange and virtual currency depository wallet operator. A self-custody cryptocurrency wallet, Robinhood Wallet, and related services are offered through Robinhood Non-Custodial, Ltd. (a limited company organized in the Cayman Islands). The Robinhood Money spending account is offered through Robinhood Money, LLC (NMLS ID: 1990968), a licensed money transmitter. Say Technologies, LLC provides technology services for shareholder engagement and communication. Sherwood Media, LLC produces fresh and unique perspectives on topical financial news. All are affiliated entities and wholly-owned subsidiaries of Robinhood Markets, Inc. © 2024 Robinhood Markets, Inc. © 2025 Robinhood Newsroom • Built with GeneratePress



AccessDenied Access Denied This XML file does not appear to have any style information associated with it. The document tree is shown below. <Error> <Code> AccessDenied </Code> <Message> Access Denied </Message> ... </Error>



Robinhood | Let’s put your money to work Press Robinhood Media Resources Contact News Social press@robinhood.com newsroom.aboutrobinhood.com Media Assets Leadership Find high-res headshots of the Robinhood leadership team. Products Need to feature a Robinhood product? Explore images of our user interface. Logos Download the official Robinhood logos for use on light and dark backgrounds. Our logo is a core element of our brand. We ask that you use it in a consistent manner and do not rotate, alter, or add colors and effects to our wordmark. Legal Notice: Trademarks are owned by Robinhood Markets, Inc. Robinhood marks and logos may be used with prior written permission. For editorial use, please email press@robinhood.com for a password to access our Press Kit that includes Robinhood marks and logos. Robinhood Markets, Inc. is on a mission to democratize finance for all. In the U.S., people can invest with no account minimums through Robinhood Financial LLC, a registered broker dealer (member SIPC ), buy and sell crypto through Robinhood Crypto, LLC, spend and earn rewards through debit cards with Robinhood Money, LLC and credit cards with Robinhood Credit, Inc., trade US stocks without commission or FX fees in the UK through Robinhood U.K. Ltd., trade crypto in select jurisdictions in the European Union through Robinhood Europe, UAB, and access easy-to-understand educational content through Robinhood Learn. Sherwood Media, LLC produces fresh and unique perspectives on topical financial news. Robinhood, 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025. © 2024 Robinhood. All rights reserved.

Partner with Robinhood: Let's Build Together Get in Touch Partnerships Let’s build together Reach our engaged audience, enhance Robinhood products, or drive growth. Let's partner to create unique customer experiences Robinhood is trusted by 23M+ investors. Innovate With Us Our customers Let’s empower millions more on their financial journey 25.5M 50% 15M 96% Funded Customers; 9% of US adults As of 1/31/25 Millennials; median age 34 As of 6/30/24 Active Customers As of 12/31/24 Customer Retention Rate As of 6/30/24 Ways we can partner Filter by partnership category All Product Marketing Distribution & Growth Value-Add External Affairs 1 / 11 Distribution & Growth Grubhub, Gopuff, Taskrabbit We offer independent workers access to Robinhood Retirement (with a boosted match). Learn
              more Robinhood Financial Product Visa Visa is our network partner to power the Robinhood Gold Card. Learn
              more Robinhood Credit Product Nasdaq We co-developed an educational program for Robinhood Retirement. Robinhood Financial Value-Add Reddit, Instacart & more We have listed companies such as Reddit and Instacart for our customers to participate
            as they IPO. Robinhood Financial Marketing Washington Wizards We are the Wizards' official Brokerage and Jersey Patch partner. Robinhood Markets Product Capitalize We partner with Capitalize to power a seamless 401(k) rollover service for Robinhood
            Retirement customers. Robinhood Financial External Affairs UC Berkeley, Florida State, & more We work with universities to introduce financial education for students & student
            athletes. Learn
              more Robinhood Markets Product Arbitrum Robinhood Wallet and Arbitrum team up to expand access to Layer 2s. Learn
              more Robinhood Non-Custodial, Ltd. Product Payment Partners We collaborate with banking partners to facilitate new and innovative payment rails,
            such as Real Time Payments. Robinhood Financial, Robinhood Money Value-Add Burger King® We co-developed an incentive campaign for Burger King® Royal Perks users to earn BTC,
            ETH or DOGE. Robinhood Crypto Distribution & Growth Wag! We worked with Wag! to power the Community Shares Program, where eligible Pet Caregivers
            on the platform received Wag! stock. Robinhood Financial Product Enhance our product offerings and create exceptional experiences for our customers. Product Integrations & Enablement Seamlessly integrate your technology into Robinhood's platform to power our
            features and products. AI Integrations Bring your advanced AI solutions to optimize our customer experiences and
            internal capabilities. Content & Education Develop incentive-based educational programs for our customers. Distribution & Growth Leverage our products and services to offer financial benefits to your company and
          shareholders. Retirement Empower your independent or full time workforce to plan for the future. Equity for Workers Unlock equity ownership for your workforce. Incentives Drive customer behavior via crypto, cash or stock incentives. White-Label Leverage Robinhood products and capabilities to further your customers'
            financial journey. Value-Add Reach Robinhood customers via novel and best-in-class experiences and offerings. IPO Access Provide early access to your public offering via our platform. Private Investing Unlock new asset classes for Robinhood customers. Customer Rewards Design innovative perks and experiences for our customers and subscription
            members. Marketing Boost our brands through collaborative marketing efforts. Paid Advertising Enhance our advertising strategy with new channels, placements, or creative
            opportunities. Co-Marketing Develop joint marketing campaigns to expand our reach and engagement. Sponsorships Collaborate on event and program sponsorships to increase visibility. Influencers Leverage influencer partnerships to amplify Robinhood and your brand. External Affairs Create a lasting impact through community engagement. Academic Collaborations Partner with academic institutions for mutual benefits. Non-Profits Support charitable organizations and community initiatives. Thought Leadership & Speaking Opportunities Share insights and expertise at conferences and events. Other If you have a compelling idea that would further customers' financial journey, reach out. Get in touch with us Contact Us Robinhood means Robinhood Markets, Inc. and its family of wholly-owned subsidiaries. In the U.S., people can invest with no account minimums through Robinhood Financial LLC, a registered broker dealer (member SIPC), buy and sell crypto through Robinhood Crypto, LLC, spend and earn rewards through debit cards with Robinhood Money, LLC and credit cards with Robinhood Credit, Inc., trade U.S. stocks without commission or FX fees in the UK through Robinhood U.K. Ltd., and trade crypto in select jurisdictions in the European Union through Robinhood Europe, UAB. © 2024 Robinhood